
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154402675000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330570753500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  41644                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               98420227                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4011492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1568.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    65331810                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     124121949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25269056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25269056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21422592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21422592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334728                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163656854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            163656854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    138744954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           138744954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302401807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302401807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394830                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334728                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25267264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21422464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21422592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     1247                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6616                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154402411500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394830                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 208714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  13911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  13839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  15421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  14327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  12809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  11020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   9650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  8630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  7548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  6645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  5951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  5235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  4689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  3025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  1609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  52796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  59503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  62245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  62124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  61117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  13183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  11173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  12587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.138711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.664233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.974160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        66380     30.87%     30.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        60563     28.17%     59.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67459     31.37%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7687      3.57%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4432      2.06%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2604      1.21%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1589      0.74%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1349      0.63%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2959      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        54335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.265888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.000944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        54327     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        54335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        54335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.160412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.801714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.652372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          45542     83.82%     83.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5095      9.38%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1901      3.50%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1797      3.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        54335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 26233929383                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33636448133                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    66448.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               85198.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      163.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      138.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   163.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   138.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  291337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 223166                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211638.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566254500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5155800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122679985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              818672400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              806886360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              446696250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              440265375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546537200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532871600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086553440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082471040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61515858060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61258735620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679679500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38905225500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         114178741650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         114111200295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.491971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.054531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    158749167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            158749167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    133971979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           133971979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    292721146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           292721146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323213                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323213                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24509440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      378                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6527                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154401920500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323213                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 204626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  12604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  16207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  14815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  13070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  11282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   9628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  8317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  7148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  6290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  5509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  4292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  51164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  57587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  59660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  59947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  59016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  12962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  10760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  12117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       188200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.141467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   186.587447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.172508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40825     21.69%     21.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59156     31.43%     53.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67291     35.76%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7317      3.89%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4609      2.45%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2466      1.31%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1799      0.96%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1226      0.65%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3511      1.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       188200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.280060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.683558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52597     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        52603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.144364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.789291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.632994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44022     83.69%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5030      9.56%     93.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1898      3.61%     96.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1653      3.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        52603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 23752316831                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            30932816831                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    62022.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               80772.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      158.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      133.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   158.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   133.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  288462                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 229508                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218637.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5155800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   122203920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              717912720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              704879280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              391718250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              384606750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500899400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486141800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049487840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044925920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60483358350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        60003044145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39585381000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40006709250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113813502360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113715051945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.126456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.488830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20687104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    158749581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            158749581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    133981513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           133981513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    292731094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           292731094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382990                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323236                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382990                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323236                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20687104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20687104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      296                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6226                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154401831000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382990                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323236                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 204845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  12643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  15124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  16357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  15002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  13339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  11457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   9839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  8455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  7313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  6263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  5469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  4153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  51290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  57635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  59814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  60061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  59139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  12720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  10805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  11772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       187955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.467091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.088048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.871355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40385     21.49%     21.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58683     31.22%     52.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67945     36.15%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7359      3.92%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4570      2.43%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2533      1.35%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1754      0.93%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1182      0.63%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3544      1.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       187955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.270608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    14.717033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52668     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        52674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.136538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.785288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.616075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44097     83.72%     83.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5136      9.75%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1793      3.40%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1648      3.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        52674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 23499483378                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            30680208378                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    61360.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               80110.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      158.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      133.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   158.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   133.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  288334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 229914                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218629.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138847000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5155800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   122107199500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              716861880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              704062800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              391144875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              384161250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501149000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486017000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049474880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045062000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        60060919095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59591235960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955941750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40367944500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113760236280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113663228310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.781472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.153189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24491584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24491584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158621501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158621501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    133967420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           133967420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    292588920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           292588920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24490944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24491584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      247                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6336                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154401552000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382681                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 204394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  12659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  15017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  16341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  14984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  13356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  11445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  10239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  8641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  7347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  6424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  5551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  51257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  57694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  59801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  59998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  59273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  12780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  10479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  11920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       186491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.238821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.135914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   183.837383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38717     20.76%     20.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58983     31.63%     52.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67970     36.45%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7324      3.93%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4467      2.40%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2530      1.36%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1777      0.95%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1200      0.64%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3523      1.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       186491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.270615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.100300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        52626     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        52632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.140751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.787806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.621302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          44064     83.72%     83.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5071      9.63%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1890      3.59%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1607      3.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        52632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 23521163293                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            30696244543                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    61465.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               80215.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      133.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   133.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  288342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 231033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218735.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5155800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   123020874500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              710730720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              699103440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              387799500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              381455250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499409600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485354000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049280480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1045023120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10084744800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60238648800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59685262020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39800038500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40285465500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113770652400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113666408130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.848933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.173783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547954                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 64.088012                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.318810                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               136.822411                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12438415     91.81%     91.81% |      185052      1.37%     93.18% |      186174      1.37%     94.55% |      215005      1.59%     96.14% |      243665      1.80%     97.94% |      225014      1.66%     99.60% |       48081      0.35%     99.95% |        6349      0.05%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547954                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44064715                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.122100                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.642111                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.273953                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41945833     95.19%     95.19% |     1400933      3.18%     98.37% |       18070      0.04%     98.41% |       21308      0.05%     98.46% |       44011      0.10%     98.56% |       99300      0.23%     98.79% |      163271      0.37%     99.16% |      284827      0.65%     99.80% |       87162      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44064715                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44064714                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.235353                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.711046                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            116.857158                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43483324     98.68%     98.68% |      412764      0.94%     99.62% |      138873      0.32%     99.93% |       25341      0.06%     99.99% |        3830      0.01%    100.00% |         491      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44064714                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41893963                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000159                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000135                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013603                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41887762     99.99%     99.99% |        5864      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41893963                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2170751                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        373.161746                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       224.851250                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       383.313684                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1589361     73.22%     73.22% |      412764     19.01%     92.23% |      138873      6.40%     98.63% |       25341      1.17%     99.80% |        3830      0.18%     99.97% |         491      0.02%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2170751                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         159306                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       159306                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     27196787                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28508872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14691428                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14818580                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       546951                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46096                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       215777                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130448                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78036                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182861                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        65160                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        64279                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        65027                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       182869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       184313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        64609                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47953                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47922                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64711                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47836                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19317                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27392                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24903                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72728                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22144851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22144851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22418717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22144851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9061912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9050339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22144851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071711                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10137732                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10137732                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10386566                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10137732                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4561051                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4547468                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10137732                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.032829                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      8113105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      8113105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8516196                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8113105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3105276                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3091753                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      8113105                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.026273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      7098521                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      7098521                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7485571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7098521                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2803826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2791845                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      7098521                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.022987                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9116234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9116234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9556085                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9116234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3870180                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3848934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9116234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.029521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9783912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9783912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10239330                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9783912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4119386                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4098916                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9783912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031683                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      8172853                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      8172853                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8288579                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8172853                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2817545                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2812673                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      8172853                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.026466                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      5222039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      5222039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5322529                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5222039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1860442                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1856595                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      5222039                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.016910                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3285287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3285287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3306072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3285287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1271145                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1270839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3285287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010639                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4324376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4324376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4347844                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4324376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1846976                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1846452                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4324376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014004                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3204292                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3204292                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3229203                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3204292                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1199531                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1199276                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3204292                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.010376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3563693                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3563693                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3584282                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3563693                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1339317                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1339017                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3563693                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011540                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4886742                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4886742                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4918519                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4886742                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2027560                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2027074                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4886742                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015825                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3441894                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3441894                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3462963                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3441894                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269314                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1269070                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3441894                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011146                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1898928                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1898928                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1916939                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1898928                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       700675                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       700432                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1898928                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006149                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3192377                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3192377                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3253279                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3192377                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1161675                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1160577                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3192377                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010338                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4312073                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4312073                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4356067                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4312073                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1514626                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1513853                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4312073                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013964                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3377893                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3377893                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3429207                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3377893                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1211947                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1210953                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3377893                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010939                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3519376                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3519376                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3612322                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3519376                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1283948                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1281720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3519376                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011397                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1978495                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724400                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       724064                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006346                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1849848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1849848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1852917                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1849848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       746676                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       746624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1849848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2482055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2482055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2488400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2482055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1060650                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1060135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2482055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008038                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2042604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2042604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2048544                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2042604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811068                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       811068                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2042604                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499612                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499612                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311832                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1808138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1808138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1811108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1808138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       700173                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       700126                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1808138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005855                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2459234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2459234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2465812                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2459234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1039871                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1039378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2459234                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007964                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2000962                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2000962                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2006887                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2000962                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785102                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785102                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2000962                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006480                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1332217                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1332217                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1332217                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1332217                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506561                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506561                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1332217                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004314                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7804951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7804951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8113777                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7804951                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2892827                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7804950                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025275                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8149172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8149172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8415209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8149172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3017125                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3012468                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8149172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.026389                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7664526                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7664526                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7949229                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7664526                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2766600                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2760674                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7664526                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.024820                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8104163                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8104163                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8380237                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8104163                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2934263                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2927607                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8104163                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026244                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12941929     29.55%     29.55% |    28798103     65.75%     95.30% |     2059668      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43799700                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12941929     29.55%     29.55% |    28798104     65.75%     95.30% |     2059668      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43799701                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   496026656                       |   687725512                       |    45646940                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1298716516                       |   116815298                       |     2059670                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.327104                       |   23.880931                       |   22.162281                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  100.349532                       |    4.056354                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.068665                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    32.365324                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         60.433989                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002224                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052197      7.62%      7.62% |    0.052193      7.62%     15.24% |    0.050913      7.43%     22.67% |    0.050709      7.40%     30.07% |    0.111494     16.27%     46.34% |    0.111471     16.27%     62.61% |    0.111462     16.27%     78.88% |    0.111464     16.27%     95.15% |    0.008300      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008302      1.21%     97.58% |    0.008302      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008301      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.685109                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016977                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027713                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003498                       |    0.003498                       |    0.003498                       |    0.003498                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004502                       |    0.002131                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002015                       |    0.002004                       |    0.002000                       |    0.001953                       |    0.001951                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002056                       |    0.001987                       |    0.001999                       |    0.001984                       |    0.001988                       |    0.002042                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002060                       |    0.002057                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002130                       |    0.002054                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002092                       |    0.002133                       |    0.002109                       |    0.002266                       |    0.002220                       |    0.007666                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007429                       |    0.000078                       |           0                       |    0.000384                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000125                       |    0.000135                       |    0.000125                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002196                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002135                       |    0.001580                       |           0                       |    0.002137                       |           0                       |    0.002765                       |    0.004157                       |    0.001581                       |           0                       |    0.002270                       |    0.006810                       |           0                       |    0.005493                       |    0.007394                       |    0.003308                       |    0.003551                       |    0.002136                       |    0.000125                       |    0.006685                       |    0.004650                       |    0.009126                       |    0.003552                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000135                       |    0.008527                       |    0.005885                       |    0.002768                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |    0.006584                       |           0                       |    0.007987                       |    0.005456                       |    0.004127                       |           0                       |    0.002179                       |           0                       |    0.004124                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002510                       |           0                       |    0.002206                       |           0                       |    0.002068                       |    0.001582                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |           0                       |    0.001091                       |    0.002110                       |    0.002594                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.000989                       |    0.004309                       |    0.004138                       |    0.002433                       |    0.003552                       |    0.002115                       |    0.000125                       |    0.004634                       |    0.008285                       |    0.007304                       |    0.003507                       |    0.027597                       |    0.003963                       |    0.000384                       |    0.004708                       |    0.013855                       |    0.017894                       |    0.003311                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002240                       |    0.000901                       |    0.004702                       |    0.007258                       |    0.014424                       |    0.003304                       |    0.003551                       |    0.002106                       |    0.000133                       |    0.006836                       |    0.006436                       |    0.008301                       |    0.004320                       |           0                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |    0.004086                       |    0.004282                       |    0.003383                       |           0                       |    0.002235                       |           0                       |    0.001060                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002570                       |           0                       |    0.002251                       |           0                       |    0.000039                       |    0.002130                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002178                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001890                       |    0.004197                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |    0.002404                       |    0.006585                       |           0                       |    0.002593                       |    0.003746                       |    0.007378                       |    0.002114                       |           0                       |    0.002073                       |           0                       |    0.015424                       |    0.004065                       |    0.002740                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002079                       |           0                       |    0.002699                       |    0.006753                       |    0.003228                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.002333                       |    0.006582                       |           0                       |    0.003414                       |    0.008028                       |    0.003706                       |    0.002180                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.000928                       |    0.004057                       |    0.001852                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002054                       |           0                       |    0.002112                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004038                       |           0                       |    0.002114                       |           0                       |    0.003350                       |           0                       |    0.004873                       |           0                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.007071                       |    0.002197                       |    0.002530                       |           0                       |    0.002151                       |           0                       |    0.000887                       |    0.004883                       |    0.003017                       |           0                       |    0.002180                       |           0                       |    0.004989                       |    0.004228                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002194                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004152                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002092                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.685109                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14551541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14551541                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694994                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11874087                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11219276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.485378                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          599471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14913836                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95063                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22661435                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188706                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15008899                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22850141                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37575271                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283769                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37859040                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14825766                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14835862                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14825766                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14835862                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301978695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47474324                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76898524                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14551541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11818747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             248537212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205685                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       375480                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347506                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14825161                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341426                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297851823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.505907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.708187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266895720     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5843630      1.96%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1731588      0.58%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1361973      0.46%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4991130      1.68%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5268372      1.77%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1236093      0.42%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           616766      0.21%     96.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9906551      3.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297851823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048187                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.254649                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28223796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244893302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17717235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6256567                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      142675603                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30977110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151957710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16934870                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20899858                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76321352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      139373709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3175600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    151426117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     314389722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    189310678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133743163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682924                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443235                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447763                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          42282635                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8045440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23221456                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1153086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       917050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          136524491                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       601068                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140755689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600778                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141905                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297851823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    240200341     80.64%     80.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22867489      7.68%     88.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13785592      4.63%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8762294      2.94%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3454790      1.16%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4005647      1.34%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730188      1.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562245      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483237      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297851823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123934      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954496     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324158     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504871      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     102007583     72.47%     72.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15130884     10.75%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22996269     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140755689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.466111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402588                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009965                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581060219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149736134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131538614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      141653378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1620758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2780                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10082                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075152                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8363215                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5599534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142749354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137125559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105764                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8045440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23221456                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       591973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         110514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10082                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369120                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776173                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     139454902                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14902889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37603412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12196835                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22700523                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.461804                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              131679849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             131538634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78686600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         113690692                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435589                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.692111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       459163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707835                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    295624723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.212408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    246160575     83.27%     83.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19364693      6.55%     89.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11006417      3.72%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10813735      3.66%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2251791      0.76%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       539908      0.18%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390339      0.81%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523644      0.18%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2573621      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    295624723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     65331809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      124121946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28850320                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6704024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11490932                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         123536534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       517397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94940382     76.49%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6704024      5.40%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22146296     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    124121946                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2573621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            429895477                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           276344622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4126872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            65331809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             124121946                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.622231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.622231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.216346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.216346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        192879421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        96034583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60606264                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45384470                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62497239                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2971994500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2971994499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6247982                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       109.664804                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.904611                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      191.380960                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5138529     82.24%     82.24% |      184966      2.96%     85.20% |      186174      2.98%     88.18% |      215005      3.44%     91.62% |      243665      3.90%     95.52% |      225014      3.60%     99.13% |       48081      0.77%     99.90% |        6349      0.10%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6247982                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7281070                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.086993                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989541                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.748985                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5198182     71.39%     71.39% |     2073494     28.48%     99.87% |        8426      0.12%     99.99% |         882      0.01%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7281070                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18902                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.090520                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.784788                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.091756                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         671      3.55%      3.55% |        2267     11.99%     15.54% |        8702     46.04%     61.58% |        4396     23.26%     84.84% |        2847     15.06%     99.90% |          19      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18902                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6238649                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           34.764634                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.059631                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         171.944171                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6069607     97.29%     97.29% |      103951      1.67%     98.96% |       53380      0.86%     99.81% |        9930      0.16%     99.97% |        1536      0.02%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6238649                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5790964                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000630                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000543                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025187                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5787325     99.94%     99.94% |        3634      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5790964                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447685                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     445.643274                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    202.640267                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    479.712372                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      278643     62.24%     62.24% |      103951     23.22%     85.46% |       53380     11.92%     97.38% |        9930      2.22%     99.60% |        1536      0.34%     99.95% |         213      0.05%     99.99% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447685                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22681082                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           29.075184                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.080492                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         134.159538                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22269179     98.18%     98.18% |      308389      1.36%     99.54% |       85476      0.38%     99.92% |       15410      0.07%     99.99% |        2291      0.01%    100.00% |         278      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22681082                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     21113315                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000137                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000114                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013720                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21110855     99.99%     99.99% |        2128      0.01%    100.00% |         231      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       21113315                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567767                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     380.231113                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    256.792308                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    357.664379                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1155864     73.73%     73.73% |      308389     19.67%     93.40% |       85476      5.45%     98.85% |       15410      0.98%     99.83% |        2291      0.15%     99.98% |         278      0.02%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14818579                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.742436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.084898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.008188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14814922     99.98%     99.98% |        3331      0.02%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14818579                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14691428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14691426    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14691428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.525808                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.547432                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.199433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123494     97.12%     97.12% |        3331      2.62%     99.74% |         270      0.21%     99.96% |          35      0.03%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127151                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.074227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.065141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318216     97.88%     97.88% |        5316      1.64%     99.52% |        1311      0.40%     99.92% |         136      0.04%     99.96% |          58      0.02%     99.98% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296878     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.904445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.288661                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.845623                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21238     75.53%     75.53% |        5316     18.90%     94.43% |        1311      4.66%     99.09% |         136      0.48%     99.58% |          58      0.21%     99.78% |          45      0.16%     99.94% |          13      0.05%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13343                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       912100                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       105305                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    90766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    74662                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    91008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    75231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    90821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    75106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    91212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    75195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  10642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   8314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  10400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   7745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  10587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   7870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  10196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   7781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    60230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    50749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    59304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    49583                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    60353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    50584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    59451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    49950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               101408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                82976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1564645                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139997774289616                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139997774457167                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1291967                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1534864                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                32173420                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                32303591                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                32080091                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   29216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   21024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  72192                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                25765                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                18785                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                25682                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                19010                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                25767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                18997                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                25741                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                18937                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3451                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2014                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               3449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2027                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               3475                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2087                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               65001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               55877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               65326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               56221                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               65054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               56109                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               65471                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               56258                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              7191                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              6075                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              6866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              5731                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              7138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              5843                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              6721                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              5694                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       32                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                3117657                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2610897                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                3153522                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2671190                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                3120145                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2674419                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                3088260                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2612194                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2468206                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2046309                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2378160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2121041                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2321119                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2029924                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2367866                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2079148                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1249269                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1148492                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1243605                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1138248                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1249202                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1152383                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1252686                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1153091                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3312720                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2920436                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3383440                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2967889                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3367000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2991146                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3310886                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2901364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2468206                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2046309                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2378160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2121041                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2321119                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2029924                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2367866                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2079148                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1170702                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1010380                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1171936                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1010570                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1172141                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1010452                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1170942                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1010333                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2172079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1908519                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2203617                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1953874                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2169100                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1945905                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2147129                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1909898                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            3085147                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2573089                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            3097629                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2633660                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            3058513                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2624279                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            3042417                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2572851                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         306120492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         306120488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         306120494                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         306120490                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          3098724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2590609                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3128089                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2652921                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          3087528                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2651193                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          3060646                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2593576                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1903                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             13514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             11976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             14530                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             12960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             13385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             11961                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             14335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             12644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              3944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6167                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4631                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              4129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          282478                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          187191                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          206994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          158128                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          258426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          185927                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          218206                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          154394                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394803     25.58%     25.58% |      382989     24.81%     50.39% |      382990     24.81%     75.21% |      382681     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328897     25.67%     25.67% |      317375     24.78%     50.45% |      317395     24.78%     75.23% |      317359     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394829     25.58%     25.58% |      382989     24.81%     50.39% |      382990     24.81%     75.21% |      382681     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543489                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334728     25.66%     25.66% |      323213     24.78%     50.44% |      323236     24.78%     75.22% |      323202     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304379                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57714     25.13%     25.13% |       57422     25.00%     50.13% |       57403     24.99%     75.13% |       57130     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229669                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394803     25.58%     25.58% |      382989     24.81%     50.39% |      382990     24.81%     75.21% |      382681     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328641     25.67%     25.67% |      317181     24.78%     50.45% |      317204     24.78%     75.22% |      317170     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57714     25.13%     25.13% |       57422     25.00%     50.13% |       57403     24.99%     75.13% |       57130     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229669                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382989     24.81%     50.39% |      382990     24.81%     75.21% |      382681     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328641     25.67%     25.67% |      317181     24.78%     50.45% |      317204     24.78%     75.22% |      317170     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6039745     96.78%     96.78% |          14      0.00%     96.78% |       50176      0.80%     97.59% |       50176      0.80%     98.39% |       50176      0.80%     99.20% |       50176      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6240463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14818628    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14818628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22471310     97.67%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |      134142      0.58%     98.25% |      134135      0.58%     98.83% |      134136      0.58%     99.42% |      134139      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     23007862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18772     99.65%     99.65% |          14      0.07%     99.72% |           6      0.03%     99.76% |          22      0.12%     99.87% |           3      0.02%     99.89% |          21      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434048     66.28%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |      182349      8.43%     74.71% |      182385      8.43%     83.14% |      182376      8.43%     91.57% |      182357      8.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2163515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     36.36%     36.36% |           4     12.12%     48.48% |          17     51.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |           0      0.00%      6.45% |          11     35.48%     41.94% |           3      9.68%     51.61% |          15     48.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247352     55.61%     55.61% |          12      0.00%     55.61% |       49361     11.10%     66.71% |       49351     11.09%     77.80% |       49379     11.10%     88.90% |       49365     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       444820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           6     19.35%     25.81% |          14     45.16%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           9     29.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191868     69.06%     69.06% |           0      0.00%     69.06% |      133494      7.73%     76.79% |      133518      7.74%     84.53% |      133509      7.74%     92.27% |      133495      7.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307104     64.18%     64.18% |           0      0.00%     64.18% |      182343      8.95%     73.14% |      182333      8.95%     82.09% |      182369      8.96%     91.05% |      182315      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2036464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250006     55.87%     55.87% |          14      0.00%     55.87% |       49367     11.03%     66.90% |       49366     11.03%     77.93% |       49379     11.03%     88.97% |       49375     11.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061836     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |      133494      8.37%     74.90% |      133517      8.37%     83.27% |      133509      8.37%     91.63% |      133494      8.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11165     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           6      0.05%     99.59% |          22      0.20%     99.79% |           3      0.03%     99.81% |          21      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1949     98.34%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |           0      0.00%     98.34% |          12      0.61%     98.94% |           4      0.20%     99.14% |          17      0.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14691428    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14691428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5546     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124376     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           6      0.00%     99.96% |          26      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578867     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |         809      0.03%     99.91% |         810      0.03%     99.94% |         797      0.03%     99.97% |         801      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2582084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1865     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186401     48.57%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |       49343     12.86%     61.42% |       49340     12.86%     74.28% |       49376     12.86%     87.14% |       49350     12.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     37.93%     37.93% |           3     10.34%     48.28% |          15     51.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3056562    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3056562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21350031     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         647      0.00%     99.99% |         617      0.00%     99.99% |         624      0.00%    100.00% |         643      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21352562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120703     67.81%     67.81% |           0      0.00%     67.81% |      133000      8.05%     75.86% |      132993      8.05%     83.91% |      132993      8.05%     91.95% |      132965      8.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1652654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     36.36%     36.36% |           4     12.12%     48.48% |          17     51.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247352     55.61%     55.61% |          12      0.00%     55.61% |       49361     11.10%     66.71% |       49351     11.09%     77.80% |       49379     11.10%     88.90% |       49365     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       444820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.45%      6.45% |           6     19.35%     25.81% |          14     45.16%     70.97% |           0      0.00%     70.97% |           9     29.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129983    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     48.15%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |          14     51.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061885     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |      133494      8.36%     74.90% |      133517      8.37%     83.27% |      133509      8.37%     91.64% |      133494      8.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     98.14%     98.14% |           0      0.00%     98.14% |           1      0.27%     98.40% |           1      0.27%     98.67% |           3      0.80%     99.47% |           2      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307104     64.18%     64.18% |           0      0.00%     64.18% |      182343      8.95%     73.14% |      182333      8.95%     82.09% |      182369      8.96%     91.05% |      182315      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2036464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3920      3.08%      3.08% |        3742      2.94%      6.02% |        3539      2.78%      8.81% |        3536      2.78%     11.59% |        3658      2.88%     14.46% |        4079      3.21%     17.67% |        3853      3.03%     20.70% |        3404      2.68%     23.38% |        3671      2.89%     26.26% |        5263      4.14%     30.40% |        4068      3.20%     33.60% |        3929      3.09%     36.69% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4528      3.56%     43.13% |        3964      3.12%     46.25% |        3833      3.01%     49.26% |        4272      3.36%     52.62% |        4310      3.39%     56.01% |        3756      2.95%     58.97% |        3437      2.70%     61.67% |        3179      2.50%     64.17% |        3790      2.98%     67.15% |        3597      2.83%     69.97% |        3443      2.71%     72.68% |        3755      2.95%     75.63% |        3870      3.04%     78.68% |        3360      2.64%     81.32% |        4766      3.75%     85.07% |        4100      3.22%     88.29% |        5236      4.12%     92.41% |        5169      4.06%     96.47% |        4489      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127187                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108428     24.22%     24.22% |       13864      3.10%     27.32% |       11526      2.57%     29.89% |       12318      2.75%     32.64% |       11481      2.56%     35.21% |       10962      2.45%     37.65% |        9718      2.17%     39.83% |        9716      2.17%     42.00% |       11495      2.57%     44.56% |       10323      2.31%     46.87% |       13055      2.92%     49.79% |       12102      2.70%     52.49% |       10141      2.27%     54.75% |        9916      2.21%     56.97% |        9380      2.10%     59.06% |        9711      2.17%     61.23% |       10848      2.42%     63.66% |       10105      2.26%     65.91% |       10359      2.31%     68.23% |       10698      2.39%     70.62% |       10621      2.37%     72.99% |       11063      2.47%     75.46% |       12404      2.77%     78.23% |        9957      2.22%     80.45% |       10166      2.27%     82.73% |       10758      2.40%     85.13% |        9977      2.23%     87.36% |        9720      2.17%     89.53% |       11138      2.49%     92.02% |       10188      2.28%     94.29% |       11921      2.66%     96.95% |       13637      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66425      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46350      2.90%     16.08% |       46471      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.69% |       47174      2.96%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.01%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.47% |       47090      2.95%     45.42% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48354      3.03%     51.41% |       48415      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50790      3.18%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595935                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172893      8.49%      8.49% |       64122      3.15%     11.64% |       58614      2.88%     14.52% |       58334      2.86%     17.38% |       57653      2.83%     20.21% |       56350      2.77%     22.98% |       54879      2.69%     25.67% |       55168      2.71%     28.38% |       58514      2.87%     31.26% |       57594      2.83%     34.08% |       60498      2.97%     37.06% |       60084      2.95%     40.01% |       56740      2.79%     42.79% |       56671      2.78%     45.57% |       56327      2.77%     48.34% |       56747      2.79%     51.13% |       59077      2.90%     54.03% |       58394      2.87%     56.90% |       59772      2.94%     59.83% |       60756      2.98%     62.81% |       60786      2.98%     65.80% |       62975      3.09%     68.89% |       64202      3.15%     72.04% |       60423      2.97%     75.01% |       60822      2.99%     78.00% |       62349      3.06%     81.06% |       60673      2.98%     84.04% |       61294      3.01%     87.05% |       63968      3.14%     90.19% |       61789      3.03%     93.22% |       69897      3.43%     96.66% |       68101      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2036466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51095      3.99%      3.99% |       39629      3.10%      7.09% |       39651      3.10%     10.18% |       39644      3.10%     13.28% |       39620      3.10%     16.38% |       39630      3.10%     19.47% |       39635      3.10%     22.57% |       39641      3.10%     25.67% |       39649      3.10%     28.76% |       39647      3.10%     31.86% |       39648      3.10%     34.96% |       39656      3.10%     38.06% |       39628      3.10%     41.15% |       39639      3.10%     44.25% |       39641      3.10%     47.35% |       39627      3.10%     50.44% |       39668      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39657      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39636      3.10%     65.93% |       39663      3.10%     69.03% |       39657      3.10%     72.13% |       39650      3.10%     75.22% |       39656      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39641      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39637      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7391      3.22%      3.22% |        7203      3.13%      6.35% |        7197      3.13%      9.48% |        7155      3.11%     12.60% |        7201      3.13%     15.73% |        7140      3.11%     18.84% |        7158      3.12%     21.95% |        7170      3.12%     25.07% |        7233      3.15%     28.22% |        7171      3.12%     31.34% |        7234      3.15%     34.49% |        7212      3.14%     37.63% |        7277      3.17%     40.80% |        7212      3.14%     43.93% |        7231      3.15%     47.08% |        7139      3.11%     50.19% |        7170      3.12%     53.31% |        7199      3.13%     56.44% |        7218      3.14%     59.58% |        7142      3.11%     62.69% |        7147      3.11%     65.80% |        7134      3.10%     68.90% |        7109      3.09%     72.00% |        7100      3.09%     75.09% |        7196      3.13%     78.22% |        7244      3.15%     81.37% |        7168      3.12%     84.49% |        7093      3.09%     87.58% |        7140      3.11%     90.69% |        7153      3.11%     93.80% |        7111      3.09%     96.89% |        7139      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59602      3.86%      3.86% |       47882      3.10%      6.96% |       47896      3.10%     10.07% |       47847      3.10%     13.17% |       47867      3.10%     16.27% |       47817      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47859      3.10%     25.57% |       47930      3.11%     28.67% |       47866      3.10%     31.77% |       47929      3.11%     34.88% |       47915      3.10%     37.98% |       47953      3.11%     41.09% |       47898      3.10%     44.19% |       47919      3.10%     47.30% |       47813      3.10%     50.40% |       47885      3.10%     53.50% |       47899      3.10%     56.60% |       47922      3.10%     59.71% |       47844      3.10%     62.81% |       47831      3.10%     65.90% |       47846      3.10%     69.00% |       47814      3.10%     72.10% |       47797      3.10%     75.20% |       47899      3.10%     78.30% |       47947      3.11%     81.41% |       47868      3.10%     84.51% |       47781      3.10%     87.61% |       47835      3.10%     90.71% |       47834      3.10%     93.80% |       47801      3.10%     96.90% |       47825      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58578      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46872      3.10%     10.08% |       46823      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46906      3.10%     28.68% |       46842      3.10%     31.78% |       46905      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46929      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.40% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46820      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46790      3.10%     72.11% |       46773      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.10%     87.61% |       46811      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46777      3.10%     96.90% |       46801      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     28.79%     28.79% |           1      0.51%     29.29% |           7      3.54%     32.83% |           6      3.03%     35.86% |          24     12.12%     47.98% |          24     12.12%     60.10% |           2      1.01%     61.11% |           4      2.02%     63.13% |           5      2.53%     65.66% |           1      0.51%     66.16% |           4      2.02%     68.18% |           3      1.52%     69.70% |           2      1.01%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           0      0.00%     70.71% |           2      1.01%     71.72% |           2      1.01%     72.73% |           6      3.03%     75.76% |           3      1.52%     77.27% |           1      0.51%     77.78% |           4      2.02%     79.80% |           3      1.52%     81.31% |           3      1.52%     82.83% |           3      1.52%     84.34% |           4      2.02%     86.36% |           4      2.02%     88.38% |           5      2.53%     90.91% |           5      2.53%     93.43% |           5      2.53%     95.96% |           7      3.54%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          29    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          26     92.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         652      3.50%      3.50% |         548      2.94%      6.45% |         535      2.87%      9.32% |         523      2.81%     12.13% |         569      3.06%     15.19% |         533      2.86%     18.05% |         566      3.04%     21.09% |         589      3.16%     24.26% |         624      3.35%     27.61% |         547      2.94%     30.55% |         613      3.29%     33.84% |         625      3.36%     37.20% |         678      3.64%     40.84% |         625      3.36%     44.20% |         641      3.44%     47.64% |         578      3.11%     50.75% |         590      3.17%     53.92% |         626      3.36%     57.28% |         620      3.33%     60.61% |         563      3.02%     63.63% |         560      3.01%     66.64% |         573      3.08%     69.72% |         539      2.90%     72.62% |         529      2.84%     75.46% |         605      3.25%     78.71% |         649      3.49%     82.20% |         590      3.17%     85.37% |         534      2.87%     88.23% |         546      2.93%     91.17% |         563      3.02%     94.19% |         544      2.92%     97.12% |         537      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          29     93.55%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           1      3.23%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173163      8.49%      8.49% |       64264      3.15%     11.63% |       58756      2.88%     14.51% |       58465      2.86%     17.38% |       57800      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.70%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       58661      2.87%     31.26% |       57719      2.83%     34.09% |       60644      2.97%     37.06% |       60210      2.95%     40.01% |       56862      2.79%     42.80% |       56794      2.78%     45.58% |       56451      2.77%     48.35% |       56867      2.79%     51.13% |       59200      2.90%     54.03% |       58514      2.87%     56.90% |       59894      2.93%     59.83% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.89% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.01% |       60946      2.99%     78.00% |       62473      3.06%     81.06% |       60798      2.98%     84.04% |       61418      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61914      3.03%     93.22% |       70024      3.43%     96.66% |       68237      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040735                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         544      3.25%      3.25% |         472      2.82%      6.08% |         467      2.79%      8.87% |         467      2.79%     11.67% |         514      3.07%     14.74% |         469      2.81%     17.55% |         506      3.03%     20.57% |         532      3.18%     23.76% |         550      3.29%     27.05% |         491      2.94%     29.98% |         536      3.21%     33.19% |         568      3.40%     36.59% |         623      3.73%     40.31% |         567      3.39%     43.71% |         583      3.49%     47.19% |         525      3.14%     50.34% |         535      3.20%     53.54% |         574      3.43%     56.97% |         567      3.39%     60.36% |         514      3.07%     63.44% |         508      3.04%     66.48% |         524      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.89%     72.50% |         472      2.82%     75.32% |         548      3.28%     78.60% |         595      3.56%     82.16% |         535      3.20%     85.36% |         482      2.88%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.26% |         492      2.94%     97.20% |         468      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18666      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.92% |        7087      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.88% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.81% |        6991      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.76% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.74% |        6989      2.97%     40.71% |        6991      2.97%     43.67% |        6993      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.56% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.42% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.24% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7006      2.97%     91.10% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7025      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40392      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.13%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.13%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         570      3.41%      3.41% |         470      2.81%      6.22% |         467      2.79%      9.01% |         467      2.79%     11.80% |         513      3.07%     14.87% |         471      2.82%     17.69% |         508      3.04%     20.73% |         531      3.18%     23.90% |         549      3.28%     27.18% |         488      2.92%     30.10% |         537      3.21%     33.31% |         568      3.40%     36.71% |         623      3.73%     40.44% |         567      3.39%     43.83% |         581      3.47%     47.30% |         523      3.13%     50.43% |         534      3.19%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         568      3.40%     60.44% |         510      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.52% |         523      3.13%     69.65% |         485      2.90%     72.55% |         473      2.83%     75.38% |         549      3.28%     78.66% |         594      3.55%     82.21% |         536      3.21%     85.42% |         480      2.87%     88.29% |         490      2.93%     91.22% |         510      3.05%     94.27% |         490      2.93%     97.20% |         469      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88071     42.12%     42.12% |        6762      3.23%     45.35% |        4434      2.12%     47.47% |        5260      2.52%     49.99% |        4468      2.14%     52.12% |        3062      1.46%     53.59% |        2708      1.29%     54.88% |        2717      1.30%     56.18% |        4457      2.13%     58.31% |        3288      1.57%     59.89% |        5974      2.86%     62.74% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3148      1.51%     66.69% |        2921      1.40%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2748      1.31%     70.53% |        3848      1.84%     72.37% |        3126      1.49%     73.87% |        3301      1.58%     75.45% |        3713      1.78%     77.22% |        3638      1.74%     78.96% |        4077      1.95%     80.91% |        5402      2.58%     83.49% |        2970      1.42%     84.91% |        3152      1.51%     86.42% |        3746      1.79%     88.21% |        2991      1.43%     89.64% |        2753      1.32%     90.96% |        4130      1.98%     92.93% |        3203      1.53%     94.47% |        4961      2.37%     96.84% |        6610      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25998      8.53%      8.53% |       10086      3.31%     11.84% |        6891      2.26%     14.10% |        5819      1.91%     16.01% |        5977      1.96%     17.97% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        6824      2.24%     25.56% |        7055      2.31%     27.87% |        7276      2.39%     30.26% |        7753      2.54%     32.80% |        6380      2.09%     34.90% |        6542      2.15%     37.04% |        6749      2.21%     39.26% |        6831      2.24%     41.50% |        8002      2.63%     44.13% |        8063      2.65%     46.77% |        9229      3.03%     49.80% |        9835      3.23%     53.03% |        9948      3.26%     56.29% |       11697      3.84%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10442      3.43%     70.72% |       11373      3.73%     74.45% |       10473      3.44%     77.89% |       11365      3.73%     81.62% |       12623      4.14%     85.76% |       11388      3.74%     89.49% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51093      3.99%      3.99% |       39623      3.10%      7.09% |       39645      3.10%     10.18% |       39639      3.10%     13.28% |       39619      3.10%     16.38% |       39625      3.10%     19.47% |       39633      3.10%     22.57% |       39637      3.10%     25.67% |       39647      3.10%     28.76% |       39645      3.10%     31.86% |       39644      3.10%     34.96% |       39655      3.10%     38.05% |       39627      3.10%     41.15% |       39638      3.10%     44.25% |       39639      3.10%     47.34% |       39626      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39651      3.10%     56.64% |       39654      3.10%     59.73% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39636      3.10%     65.93% |       39661      3.10%     69.03% |       39655      3.10%     72.13% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39653      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280004                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6738      3.19%      3.19% |        6660      3.15%      6.35% |        6661      3.16%      9.50% |        6631      3.14%     12.64% |        6609      3.13%     15.77% |        6589      3.12%     18.89% |        6592      3.12%     22.02% |        6581      3.12%     25.13% |        6606      3.13%     28.26% |        6625      3.14%     31.40% |        6621      3.14%     34.54% |        6585      3.12%     37.66% |        6598      3.13%     40.78% |        6588      3.12%     43.90% |        6592      3.12%     47.03% |        6562      3.11%     50.14% |        6579      3.12%     53.25% |        6572      3.11%     56.36% |        6595      3.12%     59.49% |        6576      3.12%     62.60% |        6586      3.12%     65.72% |        6559      3.11%     68.83% |        6569      3.11%     71.94% |        6570      3.11%     75.05% |        6590      3.12%     78.18% |        6592      3.12%     81.30% |        6577      3.12%     84.41% |        6556      3.11%     87.52% |        6593      3.12%     90.64% |        6587      3.12%     93.76% |        6562      3.11%     96.87% |        6604      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          29     93.55%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           1      3.23%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172891      8.49%      8.49% |       64122      3.15%     11.64% |       58614      2.88%     14.52% |       58334      2.86%     17.38% |       57653      2.83%     20.21% |       56350      2.77%     22.98% |       54879      2.69%     25.67% |       55168      2.71%     28.38% |       58514      2.87%     31.26% |       57594      2.83%     34.08% |       60498      2.97%     37.06% |       60084      2.95%     40.01% |       56740      2.79%     42.79% |       56671      2.78%     45.57% |       56327      2.77%     48.34% |       56747      2.79%     51.13% |       59077      2.90%     54.03% |       58394      2.87%     56.90% |       59772      2.94%     59.83% |       60756      2.98%     62.81% |       60786      2.98%     65.80% |       62975      3.09%     68.89% |       64202      3.15%     72.04% |       60423      2.97%     75.01% |       60822      2.99%     78.00% |       62349      3.06%     81.06% |       60673      2.98%     84.04% |       61294      3.01%     87.05% |       63968      3.14%     90.19% |       61789      3.03%     93.22% |       69897      3.43%     96.66% |       68101      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2036464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.33%      3.33% |           2      3.33%      6.67% |           5      8.33%     15.00% |           4      6.67%     21.67% |           1      1.67%     23.33% |           3      5.00%     28.33% |           2      3.33%     31.67% |           4      6.67%     38.33% |           2      3.33%     41.67% |           1      1.67%     43.33% |           3      5.00%     48.33% |           1      1.67%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           2      3.33%     63.33% |           0      0.00%     63.33% |           0      0.00%     63.33% |           2      3.33%     66.67% |           2      3.33%     70.00% |           2      3.33%     73.33% |           1      1.67%     75.00% |           1      1.67%     76.67% |           3      5.00%     81.67% |           2      3.33%     85.00% |           2      3.33%     88.33% |           2      3.33%     91.67% |           2      3.33%     95.00% |           3      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          83      4.24%      4.24% |          73      3.73%      7.96% |          69      3.52%     11.49% |          57      2.91%     14.40% |          79      4.03%     18.43% |          80      4.08%     22.51% |          58      2.96%     25.47% |          58      2.96%     28.43% |          78      3.98%     32.41% |          58      2.96%     35.38% |          76      3.88%     39.25% |          59      3.01%     42.27% |          56      2.86%     45.13% |          57      2.91%     48.03% |          58      2.96%     51.00% |          54      2.76%     53.75% |          57      2.91%     56.66% |          54      2.76%     59.42% |          55      2.81%     62.23% |          56      2.86%     65.08% |          55      2.81%     67.89% |          52      2.65%     70.55% |          55      2.81%     73.35% |          57      2.91%     76.26% |          57      2.91%     79.17% |          58      2.96%     82.13% |          55      2.81%     84.94% |          57      2.91%     87.85% |          57      2.91%     90.76% |          56      2.86%     93.62% |          59      3.01%     96.63% |          66      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1959                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           9     27.27%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |          11     33.33%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           2      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     50.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     94.12%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58578      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46872      3.10%     10.08% |       46823      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46906      3.10%     28.68% |       46842      3.10%     31.78% |       46905      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46929      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.40% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46875      3.10%     56.61% |       46898      3.10%     59.71% |       46820      3.10%     62.81% |       46807      3.10%     65.91% |       46822      3.10%     69.01% |       46790      3.10%     72.11% |       46773      3.10%     75.20% |       46875      3.10%     78.31% |       46923      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46757      3.10%     87.61% |       46811      3.10%     90.71% |       46810      3.10%     93.81% |       46777      3.10%     96.90% |       46801      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.33%      8.33% |           2      5.56%     13.89% |           3      8.33%     22.22% |           3      8.33%     30.56% |           0      0.00%     30.56% |           2      5.56%     36.11% |           1      2.78%     38.89% |           3      8.33%     47.22% |           2      5.56%     52.78% |           1      2.78%     55.56% |           2      5.56%     61.11% |           1      2.78%     63.89% |           1      2.78%     66.67% |           1      2.78%     69.44% |           1      2.78%     72.22% |           1      2.78%     75.00% |           1      2.78%     77.78% |           1      2.78%     80.56% |           1      2.78%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      2.78%     86.11% |           1      2.78%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      2.78%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           3      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |          15     78.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.39%      3.39% |           1      0.85%      4.24% |           5      4.24%      8.47% |           5      4.24%     12.71% |          23     19.49%     32.20% |          22     18.64%     50.85% |           1      0.85%     51.69% |           3      2.54%     54.24% |           5      4.24%     58.47% |           1      0.85%     59.32% |           3      2.54%     61.86% |           3      2.54%     64.41% |           2      1.69%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           0      0.00%     66.10% |           2      1.69%     67.80% |           2      1.69%     69.49% |           5      4.24%     73.73% |           3      2.54%     76.27% |           1      0.85%     77.12% |           2      1.69%     78.81% |           2      1.69%     80.51% |           2      1.69%     82.20% |           2      1.69%     83.90% |           3      2.54%     86.44% |           2      1.69%     88.14% |           3      2.54%     90.68% |           2      1.69%     92.37% |           3      2.54%     94.92% |           5      4.24%     99.15% |           1      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          79      4.29%      4.29% |          72      3.91%      8.20% |          64      3.48%     11.68% |          52      2.82%     14.50% |          56      3.04%     17.54% |          58      3.15%     20.70% |          57      3.10%     23.79% |          55      2.99%     26.78% |          73      3.97%     30.74% |          57      3.10%     33.84% |          73      3.97%     37.81% |          56      3.04%     40.85% |          54      2.93%     43.78% |          57      3.10%     46.88% |          58      3.15%     50.03% |          54      2.93%     52.96% |          55      2.99%     55.95% |          52      2.82%     58.77% |          50      2.72%     61.49% |          53      2.88%     64.37% |          54      2.93%     67.30% |          50      2.72%     70.02% |          53      2.88%     72.90% |          55      2.99%     75.88% |          55      2.99%     78.87% |          55      2.99%     81.86% |          53      2.88%     84.74% |          54      2.93%     87.67% |          55      2.99%     90.66% |          53      2.88%     93.54% |          54      2.93%     96.47% |          65      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         570      3.41%      3.41% |         470      2.81%      6.22% |         467      2.79%      9.01% |         467      2.79%     11.80% |         513      3.07%     14.87% |         471      2.82%     17.69% |         508      3.04%     20.73% |         531      3.18%     23.90% |         549      3.28%     27.18% |         488      2.92%     30.10% |         537      3.21%     33.31% |         568      3.40%     36.71% |         623      3.73%     40.44% |         567      3.39%     43.83% |         581      3.47%     47.30% |         523      3.13%     50.43% |         534      3.19%     53.62% |         573      3.43%     57.05% |         568      3.40%     60.44% |         510      3.05%     63.49% |         506      3.03%     66.52% |         523      3.13%     69.65% |         485      2.90%     72.55% |         473      2.83%     75.38% |         549      3.28%     78.66% |         594      3.55%     82.21% |         536      3.21%     85.42% |         480      2.87%     88.29% |         490      2.93%     91.22% |         510      3.05%     94.27% |         490      2.93%     97.20% |         469      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18665      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.92% |        7087      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.91% |        7001      2.97%     19.88% |        6985      2.96%     22.85% |        6996      2.97%     25.81% |        6991      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.76% |        7031      2.98%     34.75% |        7064      3.00%     37.74% |        6989      2.97%     40.71% |        6991      2.97%     43.67% |        6993      2.97%     46.64% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.56% |        6998      2.97%     55.53% |        6973      2.96%     58.49% |        7006      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.42% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.34% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.27% |        7004      2.97%     79.24% |        7007      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.13% |        7006      2.97%     91.10% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7025      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         545      3.26%      3.26% |         472      2.82%      6.08% |         467      2.79%      8.88% |         467      2.79%     11.67% |         513      3.07%     14.74% |         469      2.81%     17.55% |         506      3.03%     20.57% |         532      3.18%     23.76% |         550      3.29%     27.05% |         491      2.94%     29.98% |         536      3.21%     33.19% |         568      3.40%     36.59% |         623      3.73%     40.31% |         567      3.39%     43.71% |         583      3.49%     47.19% |         525      3.14%     50.34% |         535      3.20%     53.54% |         574      3.43%     56.97% |         567      3.39%     60.36% |         514      3.07%     63.44% |         508      3.04%     66.48% |         524      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.89%     72.50% |         472      2.82%     75.32% |         548      3.28%     78.60% |         595      3.56%     82.16% |         535      3.20%     85.36% |         482      2.88%     88.24% |         493      2.95%     91.19% |         512      3.06%     94.26% |         492      2.94%     97.20% |         468      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40392      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.13%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.13%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173159      8.49%      8.49% |       64258      3.15%     11.63% |       58754      2.88%     14.51% |       58459      2.86%     17.38% |       57799      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55006      2.70%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       58661      2.87%     31.26% |       57718      2.83%     34.09% |       60643      2.97%     37.06% |       60210      2.95%     40.01% |       56858      2.79%     42.80% |       56794      2.78%     45.58% |       56448      2.77%     48.34% |       56867      2.79%     51.13% |       59200      2.90%     54.03% |       58514      2.87%     56.90% |       59885      2.93%     59.83% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.89% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.01% |       60945      2.99%     78.00% |       62471      3.06%     81.06% |       60797      2.98%     84.04% |       61417      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61913      3.03%     93.22% |       70023      3.43%     96.66% |       68237      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          29    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          29     93.55%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           0      0.00%     93.55% |           1      3.23%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           31                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      118650     21.32%     21.32% |      278212     50.00%     71.32% |       38478      6.92%     78.24% |       41667      7.49%     85.73% |       38449      6.91%     92.64% |       40968      7.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       556424                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      118650     21.32%     21.32% |      278212     50.00%     71.32% |       38478      6.92%     78.24% |       41667      7.49%     85.73% |       38449      6.91%     92.64% |       40968      7.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       556424                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      118650     21.32%     21.32% |      278212     50.00%     71.32% |       38478      6.92%     78.24% |       41667      7.49%     85.73% |       38449      6.91%     92.64% |       40968      7.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       556424                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      118650     21.32%     21.32% |      278212     50.00%     71.32% |       38478      6.92%     78.24% |       41667      7.49%     85.73% |       38449      6.91%     92.64% |       40968      7.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       556424                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
