
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153836                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153836016000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330004094500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40601                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77301                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96697894                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4155876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1590.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64591311                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122978334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25268992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25268992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21420992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21420992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164259272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164259272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139245624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139245624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303504896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303504896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334703                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334703                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25268160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21420800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21420992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   126796                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    15317                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153835752500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334703                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                132688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  51406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  53053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  53459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  35297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       216866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.286490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.467746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.063864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        69653     32.12%     32.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54648     25.20%     57.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70027     32.29%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10157      4.68%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5567      2.57%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2786      1.28%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1485      0.68%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          957      0.44%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1586      0.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       216866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.886006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.958657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50056     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.685443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.081958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.504051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40354     80.60%     80.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1999      3.99%     84.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5006     10.00%     94.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2705      5.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 64887482789                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            72290264039                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   164349.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              183099.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  294448                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 218193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210869.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122130569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              824818680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              814658040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              450049875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              444505875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546428000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533019800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086514560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082309040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61128368640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60871318020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678544750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904027750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113762344425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113697458445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.517500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.095706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20683264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20683264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323176                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159321027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159321027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134450076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134450076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293771102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293771102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323176                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20683008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24509312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20683264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    93346                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    12581                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153835261500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2572                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                100008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  53171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  29556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       188735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   239.435314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.158467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.323191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42232     22.38%     22.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53063     28.12%     50.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70134     37.16%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10236      5.42%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5812      3.08%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2750      1.46%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1537      0.81%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1071      0.57%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1900      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       188735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.903978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.636530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48441     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.670630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.078540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.460367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38577     79.63%     79.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2830      5.84%     85.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4395      9.07%     94.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2645      5.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58618830340                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65798899090                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   153076.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              171826.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  290955                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 226411                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217855.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121654504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              718290720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              708530760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              391924500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              386599125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500665400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486134000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049455440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044660240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60096623040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59619394530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583584750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40002206250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113388163770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113295144825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.085121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.480447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20684736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20684736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323199                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159322275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159322275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134459644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134459644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293781919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293781919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323199                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323199                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20684544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20684736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    90726                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12974                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153835189500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323199                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 97324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  20251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       188156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.185038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.108646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.207783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41408     22.01%     22.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52751     28.04%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70684     37.57%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10129      5.38%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5896      3.13%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2796      1.49%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1544      0.82%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          997      0.53%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1951      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       188156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.899538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.677752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48470     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.667134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.076560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.458329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38566     79.56%     79.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2972      6.13%     85.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4160      8.58%     94.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2778      5.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 58145903009                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            65326084259                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   151839.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              170589.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291002                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 226974                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217847.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121557783250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              717156720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              705272400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              391305750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              384821250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500946200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485931200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049429520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044848160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59673669075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59211216675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954597000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360257000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113334724185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113239966605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.737735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.121758                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20682496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20682496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159189978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159189978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134445083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134445083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293635061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293635061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382643                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323164                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382643                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20682368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20682496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    87126                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12295                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153834893000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382643                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323164                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  3982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 93674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  28789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       186819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.785429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.112746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.982475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39692     21.25%     21.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53080     28.41%     49.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70923     37.96%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10262      5.49%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5632      3.01%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2679      1.43%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1537      0.82%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1046      0.56%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1968      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       186819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.884381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.042162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48524     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.659015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.073955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.437611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38608     79.55%     79.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3024      6.23%     85.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4259      8.78%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2639      5.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57648259376                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64822628126                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   150662.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              169412.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  290783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 228185                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217956.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225143750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122471458250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              711002880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              701273160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              387948000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              382639125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499183400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485229200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049286960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044738000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10047619920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59851946835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59304486060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798213000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278441750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113345200995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113244427215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.805840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.150755                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13546800                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 41.541685                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.748699                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                71.081204                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12878869     95.07%     95.07% |      354852      2.62%     97.69% |      161417      1.19%     98.88% |       76200      0.56%     99.44% |       36540      0.27%     99.71% |       22420      0.17%     99.88% |       10726      0.08%     99.96% |        5229      0.04%    100.00% |         547      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13546800                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43686816                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.100633                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.648436                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.072887                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41569831     95.15%     95.15% |     1406489      3.22%     98.37% |       26829      0.06%     98.44% |       42610      0.10%     98.53% |       79201      0.18%     98.71% |      136518      0.31%     99.03% |      158773      0.36%     99.39% |      180933      0.41%     99.80% |       85632      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43686816                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43686814                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              27.399029                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.737226                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            175.781254                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43326770     99.18%     99.18% |      280035      0.64%     99.82% |       67898      0.16%     99.97% |       10659      0.02%    100.00% |        1335      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43686814                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41515457                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000139                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000120                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011778                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41509712     99.99%     99.99% |        5740      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41515457                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171357                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        493.895825                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       249.324134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       626.637949                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1811313     83.42%     83.42% |      280035     12.90%     96.32% |       67898      3.13%     99.44% |       10659      0.49%     99.93% |        1335      0.06%     99.99% |         116      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171357                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         203885                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       203885                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          786                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          577                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          516                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          494                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26919784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28231860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14590693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14717746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       484015                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46058                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       190672                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130319                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78030                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          641                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        33595                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32243                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91533                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32614                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88961                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        31324                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32481                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32391                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        33091                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32829                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16805                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64733                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66185                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21921968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21921968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22211326                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21921968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9045951                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9030296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21921967                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071251                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9828226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9828226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10106506                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9828226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4519145                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4505278                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9828226                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7290003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7290003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7589205                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7290003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2751115                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2740163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7290003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023694                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6133487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6133487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6410757                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6133487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2376359                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2367831                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6133487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8444895                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8444895                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8763260                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8444895                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3620984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3600755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8444895                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8702901                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8702901                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9015218                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8702901                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3632693                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3625089                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8702901                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028286                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9261560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9261560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9609315                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9261560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3347296                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3339224                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9261560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030102                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6297137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6297137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6618684                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6297137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2403502                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2396209                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6297137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020467                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4243707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4243707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4402184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4243707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1678732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1673203                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4243707                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013793                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5574017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5574017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5807570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5574017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2369944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2361761                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5574017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018117                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3982102                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461128                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012626                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3449205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3449205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3475894                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3449205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1281392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280973                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3449205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011211                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4765216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4765216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4803894                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4765216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1966332                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1965736                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4765216                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015488                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642670                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642670                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3673014                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642670                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371703                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371242                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642670                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011839                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104027                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104027                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2130164                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104027                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       769017                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768619                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104027                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209060                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209060                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260938                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209060                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166797                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165988                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209060                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010430                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4329102                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4329102                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4378881                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4329102                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1520237                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1519422                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4329102                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014071                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3358931                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3358931                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3411004                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3358931                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205355                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204451                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3358931                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010917                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3430255                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3430255                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3507969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3430255                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1253247                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1251915                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3430255                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011149                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959208                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959208                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1982642                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959208                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724208                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959208                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1799928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1799928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1805274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1799928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       721528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       721476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1799928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005850                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2429939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2429939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438061                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2429939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034294                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033947                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2429939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007898                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108942                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108942                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2116813                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108942                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845021                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844930                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108942                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006855                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311367                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311367                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311367                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311367                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499443                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499443                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311367                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1760458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1760458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1765605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1760458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675802                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1760458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005722                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2407891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2407891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2407891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1013913                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2407891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007826                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067649                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067649                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075404                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067649                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819272                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819177                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067649                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006720                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331726                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331726                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331726                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331726                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331726                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7869862                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7869862                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8317282                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7869862                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2941108                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2934754                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7869861                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025579                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7880755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7880755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8175765                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891787                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7880755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025614                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7879727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7879727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8289517                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7879727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2898248                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891155                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7879727                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025611                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8209652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8209652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8577661                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8209652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3028792                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3021404                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8209652                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026683                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13112385     29.82%     29.82% |    28798354     65.49%     95.31% |     2060219      4.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43970958                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13112386     29.82%     29.82% |    28798355     65.49%     95.31% |     2060219      4.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43970960                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   493382539                       |   692212567                       |    45975061                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   460513381                       |   117238022                       |     2060219                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.627216                       |   24.036532                       |   22.315618                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   35.120490                       |    4.070997                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.008718                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    13.186240                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         41.194958                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002246                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052761      7.63%      7.63% |    0.053077      7.67%     15.30% |    0.052172      7.54%     22.84% |    0.051895      7.50%     30.34% |    0.112191     16.22%     46.56% |    0.112114     16.21%     62.76% |    0.112109     16.20%     78.97% |    0.112030     16.19%     95.16% |    0.008370      1.21%     96.37% |    0.008372      1.21%     97.58% |    0.008373      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008372      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.691837                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017154                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027814                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002028                       |    0.002022                       |    0.002011                       |    0.002007                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001958                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002099                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002227                       |    0.007694                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007462                       |    0.007456                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000529                       |    0.001192                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000086                       |    0.000082                       |    0.000084                       |    0.000083                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000078                       |    0.000081                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002142                       |    0.001425                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002152                       |    0.000078                       |    0.002561                       |    0.005348                       |    0.001872                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006835                       |           0                       |    0.005317                       |    0.008434                       |    0.002716                       |    0.001833                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000085                       |    0.005693                       |    0.004501                       |    0.009440                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002126                       |    0.000086                       |    0.007907                       |    0.004981                       |    0.003051                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |    0.006608                       |           0                       |    0.008189                       |    0.005049                       |    0.003526                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004141                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002358                       |           0                       |    0.002217                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001427                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001147                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000081                       |    0.002465                       |    0.004098                       |    0.005327                       |    0.002222                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002121                       |    0.000082                       |    0.004703                       |    0.008259                       |    0.007198                       |    0.003300                       |    0.027696                       |    0.003979                       |    0.000529                       |    0.003437                       |    0.013627                       |    0.017906                       |    0.004076                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.001192                       |    0.003384                       |    0.006909                       |    0.014137                       |    0.004075                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000084                       |    0.006913                       |    0.005449                       |    0.007880                       |    0.004115                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002021                       |    0.004101                       |    0.004073                       |    0.003175                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001118                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002258                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002137                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.001999                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006608                       |           0                       |    0.001931                       |    0.005301                       |    0.007238                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002079                       |    0.000083                       |    0.014840                       |    0.005669                       |    0.003478                       |    0.002170                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000085                       |    0.002206                       |    0.007884                       |    0.004265                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006606                       |           0                       |    0.002729                       |    0.008227                       |    0.004593                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.004071                       |    0.002296                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000668                       |    0.004724                       |           0                       |    0.002170                       |           0                       |    0.007108                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002309                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005129                       |    0.002741                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004549                       |    0.004414                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004167                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002229                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.691837                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14475798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14475798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11823593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11168835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.462276                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          574286                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29680                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14687020                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95038                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22460047                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188693                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14782058                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22648740                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37147067                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283731                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37430798                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14724929                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14735026                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14724929                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14735026                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300845377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47176604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76157532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14475798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11743121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247650213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       372711                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347383                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14724324                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341381                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4328                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296664843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265933109     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5810943      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1713689      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354580      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4956800      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5252340      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1191280      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614910      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9837192      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296664843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253145                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28189390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243883956                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6122380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141530964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30913863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151388448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16929570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20805293                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75866845                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138229229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2757896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150518415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311718557                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187295489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132836306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41551871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7869022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23020028                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1027315                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       791271                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135405221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575879                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139560951                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600006                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141890                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296664843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239683567     80.79%     80.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22460859      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13694681      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8650861      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3420638      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3978563      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730174      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562264      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483236      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296664843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123965      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954491     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324151     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504834      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101241190     72.54%     72.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14903993     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22794860     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139560951                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010050                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577483757                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148590893                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130394545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140458696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1520142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341276                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10072                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8249765                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5533074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142719884                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135981100                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7869022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23020028                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566786                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100753                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10072                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138260253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14676028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37175163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12121211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22499135                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459572                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130535740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130394565                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78027914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112254208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433989                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294437905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245326446     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19188376      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10981155      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10788482      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2237101      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       504230      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390322      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523631      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2498162      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294437905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64591310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122978331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28472697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6527742                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11415346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122403447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       492224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94174412     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6527742      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21944955     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122978331                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2498162                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427639718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274055622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4180534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64591310                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122978331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.657676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.657676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190763710                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95178068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60454662                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45333735                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61942827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2405335500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2405335500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        60.402609                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.037058                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      100.908873                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5580083     89.31%     89.31% |      354843      5.68%     94.99% |      161417      2.58%     97.57% |       76200      1.22%     98.79% |       36540      0.58%     99.38% |       22420      0.36%     99.74% |       10726      0.17%     99.91% |        5229      0.08%     99.99% |         547      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280048                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.404528                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.303992                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.794255                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1150724     15.81%     15.81% |     3998026     54.92%     70.72% |     2029588     27.88%     98.60% |       97292      1.34%     99.94% |        3858      0.05%     99.99% |         433      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280048                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18747                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.132448                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.818727                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.119456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         664      3.54%      3.54% |        2265     12.08%     15.62% |        8571     45.72%     61.34% |        4374     23.33%     84.67% |        2850     15.20%     99.88% |          23      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18747                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6162997                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.205164                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.117298                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         262.647531                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6046172     98.10%     98.10% |       88223      1.43%     99.54% |       24151      0.39%     99.93% |        3977      0.06%     99.99% |         434      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6162997                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5715047                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000549                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025246                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5711411     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5715047                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447950                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     624.934707                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    233.206045                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    768.379489                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      331125     73.92%     73.92% |       88223     19.69%     93.61% |       24151      5.39%     99.01% |        3977      0.89%     99.89% |         434      0.10%     99.99% |          40      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447950                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22479689                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           37.399981                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.121542                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         201.125103                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22236556     98.92%     98.92% |      191747      0.85%     99.77% |       43729      0.19%     99.97% |        6680      0.03%    100.00% |         900      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22479689                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20911474                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000096                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009811                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20909467     99.99%     99.99% |        2005      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20911474                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568215                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     496.107678                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    284.610241                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    594.693265                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1325082     84.50%     84.50% |      191747     12.23%     96.72% |       43729      2.79%     99.51% |        6680      0.43%     99.94% |         900      0.06%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14717744                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.751781                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.765339                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14717369    100.00%    100.00% |         290      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14717744                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14590693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14590691    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14590693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.087233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.526598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.853505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126676     99.70%     99.70% |         290      0.23%     99.93% |          48      0.04%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127051                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325078                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.072207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.123675                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323514     99.52%     99.52% |        1445      0.44%     99.96% |         104      0.03%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325078                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296965                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296865     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296965                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.900758                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.270213                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.182385                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26549     94.44%     94.44% |        1445      5.14%     99.58% |         104      0.37%     99.95% |          14      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13389                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1675085                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       149361                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    47613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    41453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    47557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    39120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    47584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    39109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    47607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    36704                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    47640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    39042                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   47598                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   39108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   47514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   39033                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   47570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   39059                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   3107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   3136                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   3080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2462                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  3206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    26263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    23765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    26053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    21884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    26242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    22190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    26077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    20459                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    26140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    22131                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   26052                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   22001                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   26651                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   22622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   26439                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   22373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1318863                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1109228                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1228613                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  993163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1330818                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1071073                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1223440                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  949611                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1310958                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1059289                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1231209                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 998258                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1467164                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                1184100                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1396419                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4296117988                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                13590                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                10457                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                13555                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 9877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                13594                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 9902                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                13566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 9275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                13641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 9870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               13575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               13601                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                9867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               13570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                9885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               1034                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                727                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1069                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                651                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               1030                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                626                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                597                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1049                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               653                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              1023                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               661                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1054                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               643                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               34023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               30996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               34002                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               29243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               33990                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               29207                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               34041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               27429                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               33999                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               29172                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              34023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              29233                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              33913                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              29166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              34000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              29174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              2073                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2094                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              2106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1769                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2055                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1611                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              2097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1804                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             2073                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1743                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             2183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1810                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             2096                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2510545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2156261                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2508692                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2126230                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2530837                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2138760                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2475200                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2075792                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2490586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2142575                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2485909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2075722                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2539627                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2069293                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2512413                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2146150                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1537204                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1163124                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1569314                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1200460                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1673338                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1148948                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1497663                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1165509                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1489746                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1340821                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1435662                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1204634                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1663693                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1201041                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1521129                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1208787                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             597841                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             554339                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595556                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             522246                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             596894                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             527688                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             596763                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             489648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             597575                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             523832                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596711                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            521690                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            598146                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            520499                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595954                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            523336                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2913731                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2815772                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2916003                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2698101                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2852758                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2697604                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2916666                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2599603                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3060824                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2617816                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2938362                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2630856                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2831213                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2664316                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3009868                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2730980                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1537204                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1163124                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1569314                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1200460                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1673338                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1148948                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1497663                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1165509                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1489746                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1340821                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1435662                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1204634                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1663693                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1201041                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1521129                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1208787                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594108                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        548156                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594512                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515155                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        593966                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515032                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        593937                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        483569                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        593879                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        514134                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594194                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       515747                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       593917                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       515207                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594463                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       515496                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1893778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1658236                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1900281                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1659619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1916688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1641540                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1861545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1610901                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1909055                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1644941                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1874760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1598020                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1912431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1602519                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1927708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1669651                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2472331                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2131958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2472409                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2104074                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2499753                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2096433                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2429887                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2046749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2471990                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2108750                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2448222                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2055298                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2511706                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2049538                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2489827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2120960                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305506513                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305506509                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305506515                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305506511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305506520                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305506516                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305506532                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305506528                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2487735                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2143582                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2497995                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2119371                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2523221                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2121688                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2461403                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2058998                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2476787                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2126777                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2466341                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2057883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2526505                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2057074                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2495968                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2132684                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              9918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              9089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             10159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              9931                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              8695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             10131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             10009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              8773                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            10147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             8898                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9515                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             8291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             9758                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             8526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2456                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2263                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          746060                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          595431                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          673409                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          434760                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          768644                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          545685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          667487                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          423966                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          744664                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          507452                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         669550                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         473919                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         943534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         719829                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         841790                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         619685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382961     24.81%     75.21% |      382643     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328872     25.68%     25.68% |      317338     24.77%     50.45% |      317358     24.78%     75.23% |      317321     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394828     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382961     24.81%     75.21% |      382643     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543390                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334703     25.66%     25.66% |      323176     24.78%     50.44% |      323199     24.78%     75.22% |      323164     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304242                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57738     25.14%     25.14% |       57428     25.00%     50.14% |       57411     24.99%     75.13% |       57130     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394802     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382961     24.81%     75.21% |      382643     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328616     25.67%     25.67% |      317144     24.78%     50.45% |      317167     24.78%     75.23% |      317132     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57738     25.14%     25.14% |       57428     25.00%     50.14% |       57411     24.99%     75.13% |       57130     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394801     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382961     24.81%     75.21% |      382643     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328616     25.67%     25.67% |      317144     24.78%     50.45% |      317167     24.78%     75.23% |      317132     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5964092     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25744      0.42%     97.16% |       25088      0.41%     97.57% |       25088      0.41%     97.98% |       24432      0.40%     98.37% |       25088      0.41%     98.78% |       25089      0.41%     99.19% |       25088      0.41%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6164811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14717794    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14717794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22269950     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       69002      0.30%     97.95% |       67061      0.29%     98.24% |       67064      0.29%     98.54% |       65126      0.29%     98.82% |       67061      0.29%     99.12% |       67064      0.29%     99.41% |       67063      0.29%     99.71% |       67061      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22806452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18650     99.70%     99.70% |          14      0.07%     99.77% |           5      0.03%     99.80% |           9      0.05%     99.84% |           3      0.02%     99.86% |           3      0.02%     99.88% |           7      0.04%     99.91% |           5      0.03%     99.94% |           8      0.04%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433938     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       93594      4.33%     70.65% |       91028      4.21%     74.86% |       91044      4.21%     79.07% |       88455      4.09%     83.16% |       91016      4.21%     87.37% |       91030      4.21%     91.58% |       91008      4.21%     95.79% |       91027      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162140                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           3     15.79%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           3     15.79%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           4     21.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           3     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2      9.52%     52.38% |           6     28.57%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247354     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       25367      5.70%     61.28% |       24712      5.55%     66.83% |       24719      5.55%     72.38% |       24077      5.41%     77.79% |       24715      5.55%     83.34% |       24718      5.55%     88.90% |       24704      5.55%     94.45% |       24717      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           5     23.81%     33.33% |           3     14.29%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           4     19.05%     66.67% |           7     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191757     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       68736      3.98%     73.02% |       66811      3.87%     76.89% |       66811      3.87%     80.76% |       64884      3.76%     84.52% |       66802      3.87%     88.39% |       66812      3.87%     92.26% |       66802      3.87%     96.13% |       66810      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307116     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       93581      4.60%     68.82% |       91004      4.47%     73.30% |       91018      4.47%     77.77% |       88445      4.35%     82.11% |       90995      4.47%     86.59% |       91016      4.47%     91.06% |       90992      4.47%     95.53% |       91008      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249973     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       25368      5.67%     61.50% |       24718      5.52%     67.02% |       24722      5.52%     72.54% |       24077      5.38%     77.92% |       24715      5.52%     83.44% |       24722      5.52%     88.96% |       24711      5.52%     94.48% |       24717      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68735      4.31%     70.82% |       66810      4.19%     75.01% |       66811      4.19%     79.19% |       64884      4.06%     83.26% |       66802      4.18%     87.44% |       66812      4.19%     91.63% |       66802      4.18%     95.81% |       66810      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           5      0.04%     99.69% |           9      0.08%     99.77% |           3      0.03%     99.79% |           2      0.02%     99.81% |           6      0.05%     99.87% |           4      0.04%     99.90% |           8      0.07%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         213    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1828     98.86%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           5      0.27%     99.13% |           3      0.16%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           2      0.11%     99.41% |           4      0.22%     99.62% |           2      0.11%     99.73% |           1      0.05%     99.78% |           4      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14590693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14590693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5446     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578846     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         376      0.01%     99.90% |         370      0.01%     99.91% |         366      0.01%     99.93% |         355      0.01%     99.94% |         373      0.01%     99.96% |         366      0.01%     99.97% |         377      0.01%     99.99% |         371      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1864     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186414     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       25345      6.60%     55.14% |       24709      6.43%     61.57% |       24701      6.43%     68.00% |       24057      6.26%     74.27% |       24691      6.43%     80.70% |       24718      6.44%     87.13% |       24703      6.43%     93.56% |       24714      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           3     15.79%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           2     10.53%     47.37% |           6     31.58%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2980929    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2980929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21148692     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         265      0.00%     99.99% |         250      0.00%     99.99% |         252      0.00%     99.99% |         240      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |         251      0.00%    100.00% |         260      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21150718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         176     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           1      0.56%     98.88% |           1      0.56%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       68236      4.13%     72.01% |       66295      4.02%     76.02% |       66317      4.02%     80.04% |       64388      3.90%     83.94% |       66304      4.02%     87.95% |       66298      4.02%     91.97% |       66289      4.01%     95.98% |       66294      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           3     15.79%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           3     15.79%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           4     21.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.38%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           1      0.16%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           3      0.49%     99.03% |           2      0.32%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           3      0.49%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247354     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.58% |       25367      5.70%     61.28% |       24712      5.55%     66.83% |       24719      5.55%     72.38% |       24077      5.41%     77.79% |       24715      5.55%     83.34% |       24718      5.55%     88.90% |       24704      5.55%     94.45% |       24717      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           5     23.81%     33.33% |           3     14.29%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           4     19.05%     66.67% |           7     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     15.29%     15.29% |           0      0.00%     15.29% |           2      2.35%     17.65% |          12     14.12%     31.76% |          20     23.53%     55.29% |           4      4.71%     60.00% |          11     12.94%     72.94% |           5      5.88%     78.82% |           7      8.24%     87.06% |          11     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           85                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061874     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68735      4.31%     70.83% |       66810      4.19%     75.01% |       66811      4.19%     79.20% |       64884      4.06%     83.26% |       66802      4.18%     87.44% |       66812      4.19%     91.63% |       66802      4.18%     95.81% |       66810      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     97.36%     97.36% |           0      0.00%     97.36% |           2      0.53%     97.89% |           1      0.26%     98.15% |           1      0.26%     98.42% |           2      0.53%     98.94% |           1      0.26%     99.21% |           1      0.26%     99.47% |           1      0.26%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307116     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       93581      4.60%     68.82% |       91004      4.47%     73.30% |       91018      4.47%     77.77% |       88445      4.35%     82.11% |       90995      4.47%     86.59% |       91016      4.47%     91.06% |       90992      4.47%     95.53% |       91008      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3537      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3400      2.68%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3175      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4095      3.22%     88.28% |        5237      4.12%     92.40% |        5178      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108442     24.21%     24.21% |       13873      3.10%     27.30% |       11531      2.57%     29.88% |       12320      2.75%     32.63% |       11485      2.56%     35.19% |       10962      2.45%     37.64% |        9719      2.17%     39.81% |        9716      2.17%     41.98% |       11669      2.60%     44.58% |       10325      2.30%     46.89% |       13062      2.92%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.51% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9916      2.21%     56.98% |        9381      2.09%     59.08% |        9712      2.17%     61.25% |       10940      2.44%     63.69% |       10106      2.26%     65.94% |       10360      2.31%     68.26% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.02% |       11062      2.47%     75.48% |       12403      2.77%     78.25% |        9956      2.22%     80.48% |       10136      2.26%     82.74% |       10757      2.40%     85.14% |        9978      2.23%     87.37% |        9720      2.17%     89.54% |       11136      2.49%     92.02% |       10194      2.28%     94.30% |       11923      2.66%     96.96% |       13616      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447960                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66522      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46345      2.90%     16.08% |       46470      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47482      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48213      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50978      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172976      8.50%      8.50% |       64065      3.15%     11.65% |       58558      2.88%     14.52% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57594      2.83%     20.22% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54816      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58933      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60442      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58964      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.90% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60915      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61231      3.01%     87.05% |       63904      3.14%     90.19% |       61730      3.03%     93.23% |       69835      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51105      3.99%      3.99% |       39624      3.10%      7.09% |       39647      3.10%     10.19% |       39639      3.10%     13.28% |       39614      3.09%     16.38% |       39624      3.10%     19.47% |       39628      3.10%     22.57% |       39634      3.10%     25.67% |       39645      3.10%     28.76% |       39644      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39653      3.10%     38.06% |       39625      3.10%     41.15% |       39636      3.10%     44.25% |       39637      3.10%     47.35% |       39623      3.10%     50.44% |       39663      3.10%     53.54% |       39648      3.10%     56.64% |       39653      3.10%     59.74% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39660      3.10%     69.03% |       39654      3.10%     72.13% |       39647      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39650      3.10%     81.42% |       39647      3.10%     84.52% |       39637      3.10%     87.61% |       39644      3.10%     90.71% |       39629      3.10%     93.81% |       39638      3.10%     96.90% |       39633      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1279958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7405      3.22%      3.22% |        7207      3.14%      6.36% |        7194      3.13%      9.49% |        7158      3.11%     12.60% |        7207      3.14%     15.74% |        7142      3.11%     18.85% |        7164      3.12%     21.96% |        7174      3.12%     25.09% |        7233      3.15%     28.23% |        7172      3.12%     31.35% |        7236      3.15%     34.50% |        7212      3.14%     37.64% |        7278      3.17%     40.81% |        7209      3.14%     43.95% |        7232      3.15%     47.09% |        7143      3.11%     50.20% |        7171      3.12%     53.32% |        7197      3.13%     56.45% |        7216      3.14%     59.59% |        7141      3.11%     62.70% |        7145      3.11%     65.81% |        7131      3.10%     68.91% |        7107      3.09%     72.01% |        7098      3.09%     75.09% |        7198      3.13%     78.23% |        7243      3.15%     81.38% |        7170      3.12%     84.50% |        7091      3.09%     87.58% |        7138      3.11%     90.69% |        7156      3.11%     93.80% |        7110      3.09%     96.90% |        7130      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59626      3.86%      3.86% |       47881      3.10%      6.97% |       47889      3.10%     10.07% |       47845      3.10%     13.17% |       47867      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47840      3.10%     22.47% |       47856      3.10%     25.57% |       47926      3.11%     28.67% |       47864      3.10%     31.78% |       47928      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.99% |       47951      3.11%     41.09% |       47892      3.10%     44.20% |       47916      3.10%     47.30% |       47813      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47893      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47838      3.10%     62.81% |       47824      3.10%     65.91% |       47840      3.10%     69.01% |       47809      3.10%     72.10% |       47792      3.10%     75.20% |       47897      3.10%     78.30% |       47942      3.11%     81.41% |       47866      3.10%     84.51% |       47775      3.10%     87.61% |       47829      3.10%     90.71% |       47833      3.10%     93.81% |       47797      3.10%     96.90% |       47812      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58602      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46821      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46902      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46904      3.11%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46892      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46869      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46800      3.10%     65.91% |       46816      3.10%     69.01% |       46785      3.10%     72.11% |       46768      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46809      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46788      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          58     32.04%     32.04% |           0      0.00%     32.04% |           6      3.31%     35.36% |           4      2.21%     37.57% |          23     12.71%     50.28% |          24     13.26%     63.54% |           2      1.10%     64.64% |           4      2.21%     66.85% |           3      1.66%     68.51% |           1      0.55%     69.06% |           3      1.66%     70.72% |           3      1.66%     72.38% |           2      1.10%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           0      0.00%     73.48% |           1      0.55%     74.03% |           1      0.55%     74.59% |           6      3.31%     77.90% |           3      1.66%     79.56% |           1      0.55%     80.11% |           3      1.66%     81.77% |           3      1.66%     83.43% |           3      1.66%     85.08% |           3      1.66%     86.74% |           3      1.66%     88.40% |           3      1.66%     90.06% |           4      2.21%     92.27% |           4      2.21%     94.48% |           4      2.21%     96.69% |           5      2.76%     99.45% |           1      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         638      3.45%      3.45% |         549      2.97%      6.41% |         528      2.85%      9.27% |         523      2.83%     12.09% |         566      3.06%     15.15% |         527      2.85%     18.00% |         564      3.05%     21.05% |         586      3.17%     24.21% |         622      3.36%     27.57% |         545      2.94%     30.52% |         613      3.31%     33.83% |         623      3.37%     37.20% |         676      3.65%     40.85% |         619      3.34%     44.20% |         638      3.45%     47.64% |         578      3.12%     50.77% |         587      3.17%     53.94% |         624      3.37%     57.31% |         617      3.33%     60.65% |         558      3.02%     63.66% |         557      3.01%     66.67% |         569      3.07%     69.74% |         535      2.89%     72.64% |         524      2.83%     75.47% |         604      3.26%     78.73% |         646      3.49%     82.22% |         589      3.18%     85.40% |         529      2.86%     88.26% |         541      2.92%     91.19% |         562      3.04%     94.22% |         542      2.93%     97.15% |         527      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173280      8.49%      8.49% |       64272      3.15%     11.64% |       58759      2.88%     14.51% |       58467      2.86%     17.38% |       57804      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       59143      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.11% |       60654      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56452      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.14% |       59151      2.90%     54.04% |       58514      2.87%     56.91% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63095      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60548      2.97%     75.02% |       61104      2.99%     78.01% |       62472      3.06%     81.07% |       60799      2.98%     84.05% |       61417      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61919      3.03%     93.23% |       70024      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         465      2.80%      8.90% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         504      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18678      7.92%      7.92% |        7081      3.00%     10.93% |        7083      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6984      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7066      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6996      2.97%     49.62% |        6960      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6973      2.96%     58.50% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6966      2.96%     70.35% |        6990      2.97%     73.31% |        6983      2.96%     76.28% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7016      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         562      3.38%      3.38% |         470      2.83%      6.21% |         465      2.80%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         529      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.14%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         506      3.05%     63.48% |         503      3.03%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.92%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88082     42.07%     42.07% |        6770      3.23%     45.30% |        4442      2.12%     47.42% |        5262      2.51%     49.93% |        4470      2.13%     52.07% |        3063      1.46%     53.53% |        2708      1.29%     54.82% |        2717      1.30%     56.12% |        4631      2.21%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5982      2.86%     62.76% |        5110      2.44%     65.20% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.10% |        2363      1.13%     69.23% |        2747      1.31%     70.54% |        3941      1.88%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3122      1.49%     86.44% |        3747      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2755      1.32%     90.97% |        4130      1.97%     92.95% |        3207      1.53%     94.48% |        4963      2.37%     96.85% |        6598      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209391                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26092      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.85% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.97% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7133      2.34%     25.65% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.33% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7861      2.58%     44.15% |        8063      2.64%     46.79% |        9229      3.02%     49.81% |        9835      3.22%     53.03% |        9948      3.26%     56.29% |       11697      3.83%     60.12% |       11593      3.80%     63.92% |       10254      3.36%     67.28% |       10630      3.48%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305249                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51103      3.99%      3.99% |       39618      3.10%      7.09% |       39641      3.10%     10.19% |       39634      3.10%     13.28% |       39613      3.10%     16.38% |       39619      3.10%     19.47% |       39626      3.10%     22.57% |       39630      3.10%     25.67% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39642      3.10%     31.86% |       39641      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.06% |       39624      3.10%     41.15% |       39635      3.10%     44.25% |       39635      3.10%     47.34% |       39622      3.10%     50.44% |       39662      3.10%     53.54% |       39647      3.10%     56.64% |       39650      3.10%     59.73% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39658      3.10%     69.03% |       39652      3.10%     72.13% |       39645      3.10%     75.22% |       39650      3.10%     78.32% |       39649      3.10%     81.42% |       39644      3.10%     84.52% |       39635      3.10%     87.61% |       39641      3.10%     90.71% |       39627      3.10%     93.81% |       39636      3.10%     96.90% |       39631      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6765      3.20%      3.20% |        6664      3.15%      6.36% |        6666      3.16%      9.51% |        6636      3.14%     12.65% |        6619      3.13%     15.79% |        6597      3.12%     18.91% |        6600      3.12%     22.03% |        6588      3.12%     25.15% |        6610      3.13%     28.28% |        6628      3.14%     31.42% |        6624      3.14%     34.55% |        6587      3.12%     37.67% |        6601      3.12%     40.80% |        6591      3.12%     43.92% |        6596      3.12%     47.04% |        6566      3.11%     50.15% |        6584      3.12%     53.26% |        6573      3.11%     56.38% |        6596      3.12%     59.50% |        6580      3.11%     62.61% |        6587      3.12%     65.73% |        6561      3.11%     68.84% |        6571      3.11%     71.95% |        6573      3.11%     75.06% |        6593      3.12%     78.18% |        6595      3.12%     81.30% |        6581      3.12%     84.42% |        6560      3.11%     87.52% |        6597      3.12%     90.65% |        6592      3.12%     93.77% |        6565      3.11%     96.87% |        6604      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211250                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172974      8.50%      8.50% |       64065      3.15%     11.65% |       58558      2.88%     14.52% |       58272      2.86%     17.39% |       57594      2.83%     20.22% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54816      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58933      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60442      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58964      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.90% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60915      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61231      3.01%     87.05% |       63904      3.14%     90.19% |       61730      3.03%     93.23% |       69835      3.43%     96.66% |       68022      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          78      4.02%      4.02% |          73      3.76%      7.78% |          63      3.24%     11.02% |          57      2.94%     13.95% |          78      4.02%     17.97% |          78      4.02%     21.99% |          58      2.99%     24.97% |          57      2.94%     27.91% |          77      3.96%     31.87% |          60      3.09%     34.96% |          78      4.02%     38.98% |          59      3.04%     42.02% |          59      3.04%     45.06% |          57      2.94%     47.99% |          59      3.04%     51.03% |          56      2.88%     53.91% |          57      2.94%     56.85% |          56      2.88%     59.73% |          57      2.94%     62.67% |          55      2.83%     65.50% |          55      2.83%     68.33% |          51      2.63%     70.96% |          54      2.78%     73.74% |          56      2.88%     76.62% |          58      2.99%     79.61% |          57      2.94%     82.54% |          56      2.88%     85.43% |          54      2.78%     88.21% |          55      2.83%     91.04% |          56      2.88%     93.92% |          58      2.99%     96.91% |          60      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |          10     22.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |          10     22.22%     66.67% |           3      6.67%     73.33% |          12     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |          11     78.57%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58602      3.88%      3.88% |       46857      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46821      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46902      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46904      3.11%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46868      3.10%     44.20% |       46892      3.10%     47.31% |       46789      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46869      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46814      3.10%     62.81% |       46800      3.10%     65.91% |       46816      3.10%     69.01% |       46785      3.10%     72.11% |       46768      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46751      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46809      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46788      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |          12     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      4.95%      4.95% |           0      0.00%      4.95% |           4      3.96%      8.91% |           3      2.97%     11.88% |          22     21.78%     33.66% |          22     21.78%     55.45% |           1      0.99%     56.44% |           3      2.97%     59.41% |           3      2.97%     62.38% |           1      0.99%     63.37% |           2      1.98%     65.35% |           3      2.97%     68.32% |           2      1.98%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           0      0.00%     70.30% |           1      0.99%     71.29% |           1      0.99%     72.28% |           5      4.95%     77.23% |           3      2.97%     80.20% |           1      0.99%     81.19% |           1      0.99%     82.18% |           2      1.98%     84.16% |           2      1.98%     86.14% |           2      1.98%     88.12% |           2      1.98%     90.10% |           1      0.99%     91.09% |           2      1.98%     93.07% |           1      0.99%     94.06% |           2      1.98%     96.04% |           3      2.97%     99.01% |           1      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.97%      3.97% |          73      3.97%      7.93% |          59      3.20%     11.14% |          54      2.93%     14.07% |          56      3.04%     17.11% |          56      3.04%     20.15% |          57      3.10%     23.25% |          54      2.93%     26.18% |          74      4.02%     30.20% |          59      3.20%     33.41% |          76      4.13%     37.53% |          56      3.04%     40.58% |          57      3.10%     43.67% |          57      3.10%     46.77% |          59      3.20%     49.97% |          56      3.04%     53.01% |          56      3.04%     56.06% |          55      2.99%     59.04% |          52      2.82%     61.87% |          52      2.82%     64.69% |          54      2.93%     67.63% |          50      2.72%     70.34% |          52      2.82%     73.17% |          54      2.93%     76.10% |          56      3.04%     79.14% |          55      2.99%     82.13% |          55      2.99%     85.12% |          52      2.82%     87.94% |          54      2.93%     90.87% |          54      2.93%     93.81% |          55      2.99%     96.80% |          59      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         562      3.38%      3.38% |         470      2.83%      6.21% |         465      2.80%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         510      3.07%     14.88% |         467      2.81%     17.69% |         506      3.05%     20.73% |         529      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.14%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         506      3.05%     63.48% |         503      3.03%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.92%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18677      7.92%      7.92% |        7081      3.00%     10.93% |        7083      3.01%     13.93% |        7033      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6984      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7066      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6996      2.97%     49.62% |        6960      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6973      2.96%     58.50% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6966      2.96%     70.35% |        6990      2.97%     73.31% |        6983      2.96%     76.28% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6960      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6958      2.95%     97.02% |        7016      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         543      3.27%      3.27% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         465      2.80%      8.90% |         465      2.80%     11.70% |         511      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.99% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         504      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173276      8.49%      8.49% |       64266      3.15%     11.64% |       58757      2.88%     14.51% |       58461      2.86%     17.38% |       57803      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       59143      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60653      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56449      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.14% |       59151      2.90%     54.04% |       58514      2.87%     56.91% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63095      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60548      2.97%     75.02% |       61103      2.99%     78.01% |       62470      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61416      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61918      3.03%     93.23% |       70023      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041406                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      162752     22.18%     22.18% |      366893     50.00%     72.18% |       26000      3.54%     75.72% |       26431      3.60%     79.33% |       25380      3.46%     82.78% |       25727      3.51%     86.29% |       25646      3.50%     89.78% |       26232      3.57%     93.36% |       23887      3.26%     96.62% |       24838      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       733786                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      162752     22.18%     22.18% |      366893     50.00%     72.18% |       26000      3.54%     75.72% |       26431      3.60%     79.33% |       25380      3.46%     82.78% |       25727      3.51%     86.29% |       25646      3.50%     89.78% |       26232      3.57%     93.36% |       23887      3.26%     96.62% |       24838      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       733786                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      162752     22.18%     22.18% |      366893     50.00%     72.18% |       26000      3.54%     75.72% |       26431      3.60%     79.33% |       25380      3.46%     82.78% |       25727      3.51%     86.29% |       25646      3.50%     89.78% |       26232      3.57%     93.36% |       23887      3.26%     96.62% |       24838      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       733786                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      162752     22.18%     22.18% |      366893     50.00%     72.18% |       26000      3.54%     75.72% |       26431      3.60%     79.33% |       25380      3.46%     82.78% |       25727      3.51%     86.29% |       25646      3.50%     89.78% |       26232      3.57%     93.36% |       23887      3.26%     96.62% |       24838      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       733786                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
