
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153808                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153807573500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329975652000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19792                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47145414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3996128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3262.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64571146                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122947433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25269376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25269376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21422208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21422208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164292144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164292144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139279279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139279279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303571423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303571423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25268288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21422144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21422208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   130297                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    15944                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153807309500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394835                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                136278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  51134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  53143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  36597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       214846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.310334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.098166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.156064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67862     31.59%     31.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54243     25.25%     56.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69875     32.52%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10186      4.74%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5752      2.68%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2810      1.31%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1495      0.70%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1027      0.48%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1596      0.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       214846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.898156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.979259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49980     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.696027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.086658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.524320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40256     80.53%     80.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1959      3.92%     84.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5018     10.04%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2755      5.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 65460871944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            72863690694                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   165800.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              184550.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  295225                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219452                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210822.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122100487250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              816850440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              807241680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              445702125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              440459250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546178400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532965200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086488640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082218320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61107190290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60850041345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678449500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904018750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113726445075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113662530225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.433726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.018160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20684928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159350905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159350905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134485757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134485757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293836662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293836662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382959                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24508224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20684864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24509376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20684928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    93471                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    13667                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153806818500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382959                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2030                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                100278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  31038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       185884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.117643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.728375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.296224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39591     21.30%     21.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52350     28.16%     49.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69968     37.64%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10514      5.66%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6093      3.28%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2765      1.49%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1615      0.87%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1053      0.57%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1935      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       185884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.910715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.654613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48401     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.676741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.080663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.475924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38557     79.65%     79.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2806      5.80%     85.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4330      8.94%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2714      5.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58726077265                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65906221015                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   153355.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              172105.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.39                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291949                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 228298                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217807.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121624456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              707343840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              697825800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              385951500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              380758125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500400200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486149600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049384160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044692640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60074571735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59599372995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584274750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001115750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113347511865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113255500590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          736.969799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.371554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20686336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20686336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159348824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159348824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134494912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134494912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293843736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293843736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323224                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24507904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20686144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20686336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    87793                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    13405                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153806711000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 94843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  30257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       185413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.743513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.623735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.953050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38924     20.99%     20.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        51747     27.91%     48.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70804     38.19%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10534      5.68%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6031      3.25%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2794      1.51%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1577      0.85%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1016      0.55%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1986      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       185413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.891112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.682032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48521     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48527                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.660643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.073077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.449512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38653     79.65%     79.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3018      6.22%     85.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4051      8.35%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2805      5.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48527                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 57746205047                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            64926255047                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   150798.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              169548.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228886                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217801.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121527704250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              706965840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              694620360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              385745250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              379009125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500595200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485923400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049377680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044802800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59652270990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59189267115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954696000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360839750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113295236640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113200048230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.630056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.011154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159219000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159219000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134480348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134480348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293699348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293699348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382642                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323189                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323189                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20683904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    84697                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12928                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153806450000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382642                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323189                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 91832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  53909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  29151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       184228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   245.190785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.360897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.870372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37572     20.39%     20.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52093     28.28%     48.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70675     38.36%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10720      5.82%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5798      3.15%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2725      1.48%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1600      0.87%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1039      0.56%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2006      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       184228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.889359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.068807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48493     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48499                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.663766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.074910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.453132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38598     79.59%     79.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2992      6.17%     85.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4133      8.52%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2776      5.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48499                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 57467377570                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            64641727570                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   150189.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              168939.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229800                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217908.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5135780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122441374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              700872480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              691747560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              382420500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              377441625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1498871400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485244800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049222160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044725040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10045585680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59829932295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59283183735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798849750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278453750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113305754265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113206382190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.698464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.052360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13546806                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.016198                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.659347                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                93.077241                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12716217     93.87%     93.87% |      316727      2.34%     96.21% |      215840      1.59%     97.80% |      135788      1.00%     98.80% |       79044      0.58%     99.39% |       47821      0.35%     99.74% |       22631      0.17%     99.91% |       11242      0.08%     99.99% |        1494      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13546806                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43677077                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.121987                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.650425                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.213687                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41560108     95.15%     95.15% |     1406083      3.22%     98.37% |       22959      0.05%     98.42% |       26602      0.06%     98.49% |       48375      0.11%     98.60% |      114318      0.26%     98.86% |      168929      0.39%     99.25% |      225125      0.52%     99.76% |      104578      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43677077                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43677074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.390710                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.741259                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            182.354129                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43285216     99.10%     99.10% |      303622      0.70%     99.80% |       75112      0.17%     99.97% |       11598      0.03%    100.00% |        1407      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43677074                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41505714                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000154                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000130                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014048                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41499796     99.99%     99.99% |        5803      0.01%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41505714                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171360                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        513.733149                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       254.522777                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       648.850530                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1779502     81.95%     81.95% |      303622     13.98%     95.94% |       75112      3.46%     99.40% |       11598      0.53%     99.93% |        1407      0.06%     99.99% |         114      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         147862                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       147862                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          794                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          556                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          534                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          474                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26912746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28224797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14588007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14715061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       482293                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46119                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       189970                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130349                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78032                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        33964                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91534                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32608                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32068                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32721                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32788                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        32985                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        32367                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          644                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        34249                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59664                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15578                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24890                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62829                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21768844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21768844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22044394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21768843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8885703                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8874371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21768843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070766                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9617799                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9617799                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9874830                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9617799                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4300770                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4290479                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9617799                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7258470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7258470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7562408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7258470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2724861                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2713390                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7258470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6099029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6099029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6375751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6099029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2345738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2336533                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6099029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019827                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8393638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8393638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8729555                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8393638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3579305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3558546                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8393638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8719394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8719394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9039226                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8719394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3634558                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3625158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8719394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028345                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9247400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9247400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9592392                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9247400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3335041                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3325288                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9247400                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030062                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6276954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6276954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6600593                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6276954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2384736                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2375674                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6276954                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020405                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4201783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4201783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4358027                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4201783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1654081                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646311                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4201783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013659                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5569217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5569217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5814218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5569217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2358864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2347337                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5569217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018104                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3982177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463606                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461067                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012628                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3445898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3445898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3445898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279310                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3445898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011202                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4806072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967573                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966949                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767621                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015499                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3642719                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3642719                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3673025                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3642719                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371734                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371247                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3642719                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011842                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104025                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104025                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2128908                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104025                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768987                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768605                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104025                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006840                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3206764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3206764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260349                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3206764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166089                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165200                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3206764                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010425                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4329111                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4329111                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4382232                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4329111                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1520482                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1519467                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4329111                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014073                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3418462                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205792                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204664                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359616                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010921                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432841                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432841                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3516270                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432841                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254490                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252749                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432841                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011160                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1981107                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724218                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723810                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803634                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720742                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438943                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034723                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034196                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007901                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844937                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006856                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311396                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311396                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311396                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311396                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311396                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1758975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1758975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1764073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1758975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675129                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675075                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1758975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005718                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408327                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408327                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416815                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408327                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014242                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013775                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408327                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007829                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067662                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067662                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2075647                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067662                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819269                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819166                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067662                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006722                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506413                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506413                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7848742                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7848742                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8300039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7848742                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2927278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2920610                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7848742                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025515                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7878046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7878046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8179137                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7878046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896786                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2889954                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7878046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025610                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7873503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7873503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8288154                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7873503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2889055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7873503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025595                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8216111                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8216111                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8581262                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8216111                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3031095                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023503                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8216111                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026709                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12893426     29.47%     29.47% |    28798715     65.82%     95.29% |     2060199      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43752340                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12893428     29.47%     29.47% |    28798716     65.82%     95.29% |     2060199      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43752343                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   493089663                       |   692811166                       |    45975499                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   699136904                       |   117265635                       |     2060201                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.243494                       |   24.057017                       |   22.316048                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   54.224293                       |    4.071905                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.155667                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.706719                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         46.862387                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002238                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052613      7.63%      7.63% |    0.052591      7.63%     15.26% |    0.051137      7.42%     22.68% |    0.051059      7.41%     30.08% |    0.112167     16.27%     46.35% |    0.112162     16.27%     62.62% |    0.112122     16.26%     78.89% |    0.112059     16.25%     95.14% |    0.008372      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008372      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008373      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008373      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689399                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017099                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027819                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001803                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004521                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002064                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002007                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002056                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002118                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002066                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007696                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007457                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000355                       |    0.000837                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000058                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000052                       |    0.000057                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001421                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000052                       |    0.002555                       |    0.005286                       |    0.001880                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006837                       |           0                       |    0.005318                       |    0.008384                       |    0.002699                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000061                       |    0.005686                       |    0.004435                       |    0.009437                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002127                       |    0.000065                       |    0.007903                       |    0.004971                       |    0.002977                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.008186                       |    0.005037                       |    0.003534                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004142                       |    0.002520                       |    0.002354                       |           0                       |    0.002217                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001423                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001149                       |    0.002118                       |    0.002384                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000057                       |    0.002404                       |    0.004105                       |    0.005341                       |    0.002223                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000058                       |    0.004706                       |    0.008211                       |    0.007156                       |    0.003301                       |    0.027701                       |    0.003980                       |    0.000355                       |    0.003415                       |    0.013567                       |    0.017693                       |    0.004055                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000837                       |    0.003365                       |    0.006635                       |    0.014128                       |    0.004053                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000065                       |    0.006916                       |    0.005458                       |    0.007893                       |    0.004116                       |           0                       |    0.002120                       |           0                       |    0.002022                       |    0.004102                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003176                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001120                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002000                       |    0.002334                       |    0.003991                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |    0.005302                       |    0.007243                       |    0.002122                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002080                       |    0.000061                       |    0.014843                       |    0.005662                       |    0.003462                       |    0.002171                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000063                       |    0.002161                       |    0.007879                       |    0.004273                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |    0.008224                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001150                       |    0.004072                       |    0.002297                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002066                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.000891                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.002905                       |    0.000669                       |    0.004730                       |           0                       |    0.002171                       |           0                       |    0.007110                       |    0.002477                       |    0.002316                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000891                       |    0.005124                       |    0.002749                       |           0                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.004562                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004168                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689399                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14473811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14473811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11822272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11167501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.461547                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          573614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14681685                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95044                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22454671                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188699                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14776729                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22643370                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37136356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283743                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37420099                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14722243                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14732339                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14722243                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14732339                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300788492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47173726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76137343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14473811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11741115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247611863                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       374936                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       346596                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14721638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341372                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296625756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265899897     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5810284      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1712983      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354584      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4956171      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251641      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1189931      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614906      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9835359      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296625756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253126                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28192186                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243845538                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708211                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6118805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761009                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141500245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761009                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30916009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151359204                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16931753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20802994                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75854780                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138198463                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2747041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150494254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311647147                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187241585                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132812150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41532176                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7864306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23014653                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1023942                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       787817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135375178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       575207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139529568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294466                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600014                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047638                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141889                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296625756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239662246     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22450046      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13692227      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8647919      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3419710      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3977916      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730188      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562269      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483235      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296625756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123977      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954548     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324155     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504835      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101220566     72.54%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14898601     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22789492     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139529568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402680                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010053                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577381983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148560178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130363637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140427385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1517449                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10064                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8247350                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761009                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5517499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142718634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135950385                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7864306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23014653                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       566114                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100205                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10064                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138228841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14670626                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37164385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12119189                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22493759                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130505026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130363657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78010458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112216058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433406                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929935                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433318                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707943                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294398626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245296583     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19183659      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10980475      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10787809      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2237137      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       502853      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390335      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523629      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2496146      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294398626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64571145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122947430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28462632                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6523045                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11413333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122373252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       491553                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94153576     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6523045      5.31%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21939587     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122947430                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2496146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427571755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273994395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88154                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4162736                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64571145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122947430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190708643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95155259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60450588                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45332397                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61928703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2376893000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2376892999.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248029                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        74.419063                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.480195                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      131.823225                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5417448     86.71%     86.71% |      316719      5.07%     91.78% |      215840      3.45%     95.23% |      135788      2.17%     97.40% |       79044      1.27%     98.67% |       47821      0.77%     99.43% |       22631      0.36%     99.80% |       11242      0.18%     99.98% |        1494      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248029                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280050                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.422770                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.317766                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.816417                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1151258     15.81%     15.81% |     3992934     54.85%     70.66% |     2033130     27.93%     98.59% |       97486      1.34%     99.93% |        4476      0.06%     99.99% |         570      0.01%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280050                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18727                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.140172                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.832354                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.109784                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         656      3.50%      3.50% |        2243     11.98%     15.48% |        8579     45.81%     61.29% |        4384     23.41%     84.70% |        2835     15.14%     99.84% |          28      0.15%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18727                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6161296                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.864735                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.120092                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         265.719885                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6041400     98.05%     98.05% |       90380      1.47%     99.52% |       25084      0.41%     99.93% |        3931      0.06%     99.99% |         469      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6161296                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5713362                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000642                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000553                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025843                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5709718     99.94%     99.94% |        3638      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5713362                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447934                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     633.857535                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    235.142830                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    775.982479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      328038     73.23%     73.23% |       90380     20.18%     93.41% |       25084      5.60%     99.01% |        3931      0.88%     99.89% |         469      0.10%     99.99% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447934                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22474330                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           39.147982                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.129443                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         211.043873                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22202437     98.79%     98.79% |      213193      0.95%     99.74% |       50012      0.22%     99.96% |        7663      0.03%    100.00% |         938      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22474330                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20906097                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000126                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000103                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014293                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20903926     99.99%     99.99% |        2062      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20906097                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568233                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     521.034664                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    292.171742                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    623.427298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1296340     82.66%     82.66% |      213193     13.59%     96.26% |       50012      3.19%     99.45% |        7663      0.49%     99.93% |         938      0.06%     99.99% |          84      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14715059                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.751033                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.716381                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14714698    100.00%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14715059                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14588007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14588005    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14588007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.984014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.513599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.157236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126691     99.72%     99.72% |         294      0.23%     99.95% |          26      0.02%     99.97% |          21      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127052                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.076334                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.175644                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318208     97.89%     97.89% |        5310      1.63%     99.52% |        1308      0.40%     99.92% |         137      0.04%     99.96% |          57      0.02%     99.98% |          45      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000294                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296869     99.97%     99.97% |         101      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.950059                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.278990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.405039                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21238     75.55%     75.55% |        5310     18.89%     94.43% |        1308      4.65%     99.09% |         137      0.49%     99.57% |          57      0.20%     99.78% |          45      0.16%     99.94% |          11      0.04%     99.98% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13456                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1721275                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        95796                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    39118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    35993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    39298                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    34360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    38958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    31758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    39074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    34564                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    39120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    34181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   38716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   33714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   38973                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   31260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   38906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   35578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  11602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   8103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  11422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   7144                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  11762                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   7154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  11646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   6940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  11600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   7323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 12004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  7790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 11747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  7652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 11814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  8518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    33141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    28396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    32543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    26080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    33200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    24972                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    32866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    26009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    32997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    26351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   33014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   26429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   33624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   25691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   33445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   29117                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1042261                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139766621205676                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139766621344725                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  798894                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1027026                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31643854                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               364028212                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               363831339                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               364082410                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               363868219                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              364008794                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              363823964                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              364117113                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              363890733                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              364081888                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              363943342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                10384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 8929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                10527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8490                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                10389                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                10184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                10473                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 8650                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               10161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                8395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               10501                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               10637                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                8718                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               4240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               4097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2038                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               4235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1974                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               4440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2001                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               4151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1878                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              4463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              4123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              2070                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2466                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               28734                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               27064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               28771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               25870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               28569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               23860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               28890                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               26037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               28647                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               25531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              28555                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              25319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              28472                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              23458                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              28269                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              7362                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              5848                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              7325                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              5106                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              7527                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              5180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              7206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              4939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              7449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              5445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             7541                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             5657                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             7624                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             5582                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             7827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             6052                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2514718                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2120039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2470038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2096922                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2495495                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2059551                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2475776                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2096534                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2519352                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2114490                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2494111                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2083253                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2497858                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2043751                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2467038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2117038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1565768                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1134563                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1427350                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1165786                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1465317                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1224548                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1453770                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1193727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1555382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1314146                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1451215                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1175772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1586277                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1081955                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1411373                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1045425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             597430                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             553467                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595790                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             519237                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             597330                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             486726                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             595644                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             522803                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             596640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             523805                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            598852                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            522632                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            596658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            487801                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            597787                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            553109                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2845400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2764521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2930958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2658598                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2968864                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2561346                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2858635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2690969                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2898394                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2614338                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2911820                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2691286                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2860995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2610236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3018570                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2852071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1565768                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1134563                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1427350                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1165786                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1465317                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1224548                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1453770                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1193727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1555382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1314146                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1451215                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1175772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1586277                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1081955                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1411373                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1045425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        547476                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594585                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        516163                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        593992                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        483611                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594586                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        514922                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        514367                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594055                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       514745                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       593715                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       483540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       593680                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       548083                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1891830                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1628876                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1853727                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1613305                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1900470                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1603163                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1846036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1637890                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1901269                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1627998                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1870717                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1613500                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1881280                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1574956                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1891851                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1635053                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2488484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2099660                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2432697                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2078005                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2466998                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2030451                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2436276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2079693                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2491579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2087723                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2459657                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2062231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2472135                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2009823                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2452058                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2100293                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305486477                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305486473                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305486479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305486475                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305486484                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305486480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305486496                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305486492                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2495353                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2107495                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2453354                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2089261                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2480375                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2050768                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2461978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2082650                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2499468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2104920                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2470326                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2066711                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2477510                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2027571                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2451323                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2098920                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               960                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              680                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              6231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              5990                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6225                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              6172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              5358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6244                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6290                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5774                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             6595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             5942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             5688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2988                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2267                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2335                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             305                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             981                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             125                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             493                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             320                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            1287                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             195                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             777                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             398                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            1669                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            280                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles            956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            632                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           2718                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles            548                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles           2700                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394808     25.58%     25.58% |      382959     24.81%     50.39% |      382954     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328891     25.67%     25.67% |      317364     24.78%     50.45% |      317383     24.78%     75.23% |      317346     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280984                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394834     25.58%     25.58% |      382959     24.81%     50.40% |      382954     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543389                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334722     25.66%     25.66% |      323202     24.78%     50.44% |      323224     24.78%     75.22% |      323189     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304337                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57725     25.14%     25.14% |       57403     25.00%     50.14% |       57379     24.99%     75.13% |       57104     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394808     25.58%     25.58% |      382959     24.81%     50.39% |      382954     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328635     25.67%     25.67% |      317170     24.78%     50.45% |      317192     24.78%     75.23% |      317157     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57725     25.14%     25.14% |       57403     25.00%     50.14% |       57379     24.99%     75.13% |       57104     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394807     25.58%     25.58% |      382959     24.81%     50.39% |      382954     24.81%     75.21% |      382642     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328635     25.67%     25.67% |      317170     24.78%     50.45% |      317192     24.78%     75.23% |      317157     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5962392     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       25744      0.42%     97.16% |       25088      0.41%     97.57% |       24432      0.40%     97.96% |       25088      0.41%     98.37% |       25088      0.41%     98.78% |       25088      0.41%     99.19% |       24432      0.40%     99.58% |       25744      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6163110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14715109    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14715109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22264587     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       69001      0.30%     97.95% |       67060      0.29%     98.24% |       65126      0.29%     98.53% |       67064      0.29%     98.82% |       67063      0.29%     99.12% |       67065      0.29%     99.41% |       65132      0.29%     99.70% |       69002      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22801100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18650     99.76%     99.76% |          14      0.07%     99.84% |           4      0.02%     99.86% |          10      0.05%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           4      0.02%     99.94% |           8      0.04%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433924     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       93605      4.33%     70.65% |       91032      4.21%     74.86% |       88449      4.09%     78.95% |       91049      4.21%     83.16% |       91022      4.21%     87.37% |       91020      4.21%     91.58% |       88457      4.09%     95.67% |       93608      4.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           6     31.58%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           4     21.05%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     14.29%     28.57% |           5     35.71%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           2     14.29%     78.57% |           2     14.29%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247325     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       25365      5.70%     61.27% |       24717      5.55%     66.82% |       24071      5.41%     72.23% |       24723      5.55%     77.79% |       24709      5.55%     83.34% |       24720      5.55%     88.89% |       24075      5.41%     94.30% |       25367      5.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           2     14.29%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           6     42.86%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191761     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       68741      3.98%     73.02% |       66815      3.87%     76.89% |       64879      3.76%     80.65% |       66818      3.87%     84.52% |       66810      3.87%     88.39% |       66809      3.87%     92.26% |       64880      3.76%     96.02% |       68733      3.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307096     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       93589      4.60%     68.82% |       91006      4.47%     73.29% |       88438      4.35%     77.64% |       91025      4.47%     82.11% |       91003      4.47%     86.58% |       91012      4.47%     91.06% |       88441      4.35%     95.40% |       93586      4.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249957     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       25366      5.67%     61.50% |       24721      5.52%     67.02% |       24071      5.38%     72.39% |       24725      5.52%     77.92% |       24715      5.52%     83.44% |       24721      5.52%     88.96% |       24077      5.38%     94.33% |       25367      5.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68741      4.31%     70.82% |       66813      4.19%     75.01% |       64879      4.06%     79.07% |       66818      4.19%     83.26% |       66810      4.19%     87.44% |       66809      4.19%     91.63% |       64878      4.06%     95.69% |       68733      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           3      0.03%     99.78% |           9      0.08%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           4      0.04%     99.89% |           8      0.07%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4510    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1834     98.87%     98.87% |           0      0.00%     98.87% |           3      0.16%     99.03% |           7      0.38%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           3      0.16%     99.57% |           2      0.11%     99.68% |           4      0.22%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           2      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14588007    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14588007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5449     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2579182     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         378      0.01%     99.90% |         367      0.01%     99.91% |         361      0.01%     99.93% |         363      0.01%     99.94% |         373      0.01%     99.96% |         367      0.01%     99.97% |         355      0.01%     99.99% |         377      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2582123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       58997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        58997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1860     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186394     48.53%     48.53% |           0      0.00%     48.53% |       25345      6.60%     55.13% |       24694      6.43%     61.56% |       24053      6.26%     67.82% |       24722      6.44%     74.26% |       24707      6.43%     80.69% |       24719      6.44%     87.13% |       24075      6.27%     93.40% |       25349      6.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           5     45.45%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2978921    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2978921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21143328     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         258      0.00%     99.99% |         247      0.00%     99.99% |         247      0.00%     99.99% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |         252      0.00%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21145348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         177     98.88%     98.88% |           0      0.00%     98.88% |           1      0.56%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       68244      4.13%     72.01% |       66312      4.02%     76.02% |       64385      3.90%     79.92% |       66303      4.02%     83.94% |       66296      4.02%     87.95% |       66293      4.01%     91.97% |       64366      3.90%     95.87% |       68237      4.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           6     31.58%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           4     21.05%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.38%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           0      0.00%     98.38% |           3      0.49%     98.86% |           2      0.32%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           1      0.16%     99.35% |           4      0.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247325     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       25365      5.70%     61.27% |       24717      5.55%     66.82% |       24071      5.41%     72.23% |       24723      5.55%     77.79% |       24709      5.55%     83.34% |       24720      5.55%     88.89% |       24075      5.41%     94.30% |       25367      5.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           2     14.29%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           6     42.86%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     13.40%     13.40% |           0      0.00%     13.40% |          10     10.31%     23.71% |           7      7.22%     30.93% |           9      9.28%     40.21% |          18     18.56%     58.76% |           9      9.28%     68.04% |           2      2.06%     70.10% |          13     13.40%     83.51% |          16     16.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061877     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       68741      4.31%     70.82% |       66813      4.19%     75.01% |       64879      4.06%     79.07% |       66818      4.19%     83.26% |       66810      4.19%     87.45% |       66809      4.19%     91.63% |       64878      4.06%     95.69% |       68733      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.85%     96.85% |           0      0.00%     96.85% |           2      0.52%     97.38% |           0      0.00%     97.38% |           0      0.00%     97.38% |           2      0.52%     97.90% |           1      0.26%     98.16% |           1      0.26%     98.43% |           4      1.05%     99.48% |           2      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307096     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       93589      4.60%     68.82% |       91006      4.47%     73.29% |       88438      4.35%     77.64% |       91024      4.47%     82.11% |       91003      4.47%     86.58% |       91012      4.47%     91.06% |       88441      4.35%     95.40% |       93586      4.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3917      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4077      3.21%     17.67% |        3852      3.03%     20.70% |        3401      2.68%     23.38% |        3669      2.89%     26.27% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.58% |        4523      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4271      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3432      2.70%     61.66% |        3173      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.97% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4097      3.22%     88.28% |        5241      4.12%     92.40% |        5171      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108407     24.20%     24.20% |       13864      3.10%     27.30% |       11525      2.57%     29.87% |       12316      2.75%     32.62% |       11482      2.56%     35.18% |       10956      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.80% |        9720      2.17%     41.97% |       11680      2.61%     44.57% |       10325      2.30%     46.88% |       13055      2.91%     49.79% |       12102      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.76% |        9918      2.21%     56.97% |        9379      2.09%     59.07% |        9712      2.17%     61.24% |       10963      2.45%     63.68% |       10107      2.26%     65.94% |       10360      2.31%     68.25% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.01% |       11063      2.47%     75.48% |       12403      2.77%     78.25% |        9957      2.22%     80.47% |       10146      2.27%     82.74% |       10757      2.40%     85.14% |        9977      2.23%     87.37% |        9723      2.17%     89.54% |       11136      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.28%     94.30% |       11924      2.66%     96.96% |       13616      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447942                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66532      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46346      2.90%     16.08% |       46464      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47481      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48227      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50967      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596380                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172967      8.50%      8.50% |       64057      3.15%     11.65% |       58553      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55107      2.71%     28.38% |       58946      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       59002      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59706      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60914      2.99%     78.01% |       62286      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61233      3.01%     87.05% |       63904      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69836      3.43%     96.66% |       68021      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51101      3.99%      3.99% |       39627      3.10%      7.09% |       39650      3.10%     10.19% |       39641      3.10%     13.28% |       39618      3.10%     16.38% |       39628      3.10%     19.47% |       39632      3.10%     22.57% |       39637      3.10%     25.67% |       39646      3.10%     28.76% |       39646      3.10%     31.86% |       39647      3.10%     34.96% |       39655      3.10%     38.06% |       39627      3.10%     41.15% |       39638      3.10%     44.25% |       39640      3.10%     47.34% |       39626      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39657      3.10%     59.73% |       39653      3.10%     62.83% |       39635      3.10%     65.93% |       39663      3.10%     69.03% |       39656      3.10%     72.13% |       39650      3.10%     75.22% |       39656      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39642      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7414      3.23%      3.23% |        7203      3.14%      6.36% |        7189      3.13%      9.49% |        7152      3.11%     12.61% |        7203      3.14%     15.74% |        7138      3.11%     18.85% |        7161      3.12%     21.97% |        7172      3.12%     25.09% |        7233      3.15%     28.24% |        7170      3.12%     31.36% |        7231      3.15%     34.51% |        7210      3.14%     37.65% |        7276      3.17%     40.81% |        7210      3.14%     43.95% |        7227      3.15%     47.10% |        7139      3.11%     50.21% |        7169      3.12%     53.33% |        7194      3.13%     56.46% |        7212      3.14%     59.60% |        7136      3.11%     62.70% |        7139      3.11%     65.81% |        7129      3.10%     68.92% |        7105      3.09%     72.01% |        7096      3.09%     75.10% |        7194      3.13%     78.23% |        7238      3.15%     81.38% |        7165      3.12%     84.50% |        7088      3.09%     87.58% |        7134      3.11%     90.69% |        7150      3.11%     93.80% |        7107      3.09%     96.90% |        7128      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59631      3.86%      3.86% |       47880      3.10%      6.97% |       47887      3.10%     10.07% |       47841      3.10%     13.17% |       47867      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47857      3.10%     25.57% |       47927      3.11%     28.67% |       47864      3.10%     31.78% |       47925      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.98% |       47951      3.11%     41.09% |       47895      3.10%     44.20% |       47914      3.10%     47.30% |       47812      3.10%     50.40% |       47883      3.10%     53.50% |       47894      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47837      3.10%     62.81% |       47822      3.10%     65.91% |       47841      3.10%     69.01% |       47809      3.10%     72.10% |       47793      3.10%     75.20% |       47897      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47865      3.10%     84.51% |       47777      3.10%     87.61% |       47829      3.10%     90.71% |       47831      3.10%     93.81% |       47797      3.10%     96.90% |       47813      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58607      3.88%      3.88% |       46856      3.10%      6.98% |       46863      3.10%     10.08% |       46817      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46871      3.10%     44.20% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46859      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46798      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46785      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46753      3.10%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46807      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46789      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     31.49%     31.49% |           0      0.00%     31.49% |           6      3.31%     34.81% |           4      2.21%     37.02% |          23     12.71%     49.72% |          24     13.26%     62.98% |           2      1.10%     64.09% |           4      2.21%     66.30% |           3      1.66%     67.96% |           1      0.55%     68.51% |           3      1.66%     70.17% |           3      1.66%     71.82% |           2      1.10%     72.93% |           0      0.00%     72.93% |           0      0.00%     72.93% |           0      0.00%     72.93% |           1      0.55%     73.48% |           1      0.55%     74.03% |           6      3.31%     77.35% |           3      1.66%     79.01% |           1      0.55%     79.56% |           3      1.66%     81.22% |           3      1.66%     82.87% |           3      1.66%     84.53% |           3      1.66%     86.19% |           3      1.66%     87.85% |           3      1.66%     89.50% |           4      2.21%     91.71% |           5      2.76%     94.48% |           4      2.21%     96.69% |           5      2.76%     99.45% |           1      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          181                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         631      3.41%      3.41% |         549      2.97%      6.38% |         526      2.84%      9.22% |         521      2.82%     12.04% |         567      3.07%     15.10% |         527      2.85%     17.95% |         566      3.06%     21.01% |         588      3.18%     24.19% |         623      3.37%     27.56% |         545      2.95%     30.50% |         610      3.30%     33.80% |         623      3.37%     37.17% |         676      3.65%     40.82% |         622      3.36%     44.19% |         636      3.44%     47.62% |         578      3.12%     50.75% |         588      3.18%     53.93% |         624      3.37%     57.30% |         618      3.34%     60.64% |         557      3.01%     63.65% |         555      3.00%     66.65% |         570      3.08%     69.73% |         536      2.90%     72.63% |         525      2.84%     75.47% |         604      3.27%     78.73% |         645      3.49%     82.22% |         588      3.18%     85.40% |         530      2.87%     88.26% |         540      2.92%     91.18% |         561      3.03%     94.22% |         542      2.93%     97.15% |         528      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173262      8.49%      8.49% |       64263      3.15%     11.64% |       58753      2.88%     14.51% |       58463      2.86%     17.38% |       57801      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.38% |       59156      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.10% |       60645      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.02% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56796      2.78%     45.59% |       56450      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.14% |       59188      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61103      2.99%     78.01% |       62472      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61420      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70025      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         541      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.88% |         465      2.80%     11.68% |         513      3.09%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         505      3.04%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         548      3.30%     27.10% |         487      2.93%     30.03% |         533      3.21%     33.24% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         562      3.38%     43.74% |         579      3.48%     47.23% |         523      3.15%     50.38% |         534      3.21%     53.59% |         569      3.42%     57.01% |         562      3.38%     60.40% |         509      3.06%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18684      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.94% |        7029      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6980      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6995      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6974      2.96%     58.50% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6990      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40366      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         555      3.34%      3.34% |         470      2.83%      6.17% |         464      2.79%      8.96% |         465      2.80%     11.76% |         511      3.08%     14.84% |         468      2.82%     17.65% |         507      3.05%     20.71% |         529      3.18%     23.89% |         547      3.29%     27.18% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.31% |         566      3.41%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         562      3.38%     43.82% |         577      3.47%     47.29% |         521      3.14%     50.43% |         532      3.20%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         505      3.04%     63.48% |         502      3.02%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.64% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88046     42.05%     42.05% |        6762      3.23%     45.28% |        4437      2.12%     47.40% |        5262      2.51%     49.91% |        4468      2.13%     52.05% |        3064      1.46%     53.51% |        2708      1.29%     54.80% |        2720      1.30%     56.10% |        4645      2.22%     58.32% |        3288      1.57%     59.89% |        5976      2.85%     62.74% |        5110      2.44%     65.18% |        3147      1.50%     66.69% |        2921      1.40%     68.08% |        2363      1.13%     69.21% |        2748      1.31%     70.52% |        3964      1.89%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.26% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3132      1.50%     86.44% |        3748      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2756      1.32%     90.98% |        4130      1.97%     92.95% |        3206      1.53%     94.48% |        4963      2.37%     96.85% |        6597      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26105      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.86% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7132      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.33% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7875      2.58%     44.15% |        8063      2.64%     46.79% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10619      3.48%     70.76% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51099      3.99%      3.99% |       39621      3.10%      7.09% |       39644      3.10%     10.18% |       39636      3.10%     13.28% |       39617      3.10%     16.38% |       39623      3.10%     19.47% |       39630      3.10%     22.57% |       39633      3.10%     25.66% |       39644      3.10%     28.76% |       39644      3.10%     31.86% |       39643      3.10%     34.96% |       39654      3.10%     38.05% |       39626      3.10%     41.15% |       39637      3.10%     44.25% |       39638      3.10%     47.34% |       39625      3.10%     50.44% |       39666      3.10%     53.54% |       39651      3.10%     56.64% |       39654      3.10%     59.73% |       39653      3.10%     62.83% |       39635      3.10%     65.93% |       39661      3.10%     69.03% |       39654      3.10%     72.13% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39653      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39640      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279980                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6782      3.21%      3.21% |        6660      3.15%      6.37% |        6663      3.16%      9.52% |        6632      3.14%     12.66% |        6614      3.13%     15.79% |        6593      3.12%     18.92% |        6595      3.12%     22.04% |        6584      3.12%     25.16% |        6609      3.13%     28.29% |        6626      3.14%     31.43% |        6622      3.14%     34.56% |        6585      3.12%     37.68% |        6599      3.13%     40.80% |        6589      3.12%     43.93% |        6593      3.12%     47.05% |        6562      3.11%     50.16% |        6581      3.12%     53.27% |        6570      3.11%     56.38% |        6591      3.12%     59.50% |        6576      3.11%     62.62% |        6583      3.12%     65.74% |        6558      3.11%     68.84% |        6568      3.11%     71.95% |        6570      3.11%     75.06% |        6589      3.12%     78.18% |        6591      3.12%     81.31% |        6577      3.11%     84.42% |        6556      3.10%     87.52% |        6593      3.12%     90.65% |        6587      3.12%     93.77% |        6562      3.11%     96.87% |        6601      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172963      8.50%      8.50% |       64057      3.15%     11.65% |       58553      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55107      2.71%     28.38% |       58946      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       59002      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59706      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60914      2.99%     78.01% |       62286      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61233      3.01%     87.05% |       63904      3.14%     90.19% |       61728      3.03%     93.23% |       69836      3.43%     96.66% |       68021      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035195                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          77      3.97%      3.97% |          73      3.77%      7.74% |          62      3.20%     10.94% |          55      2.84%     13.78% |          78      4.02%     17.80% |          77      3.97%     21.78% |          59      3.04%     24.82% |          59      3.04%     27.86% |          77      3.97%     31.84% |          60      3.10%     34.93% |          75      3.87%     38.80% |          59      3.04%     41.85% |          59      3.04%     44.89% |          59      3.04%     47.94% |          57      2.94%     50.88% |          56      2.89%     53.77% |          56      2.89%     56.66% |          56      2.89%     59.55% |          58      2.99%     62.54% |          55      2.84%     65.38% |          54      2.79%     68.16% |          52      2.68%     70.85% |          55      2.84%     73.68% |          57      2.94%     76.63% |          58      2.99%     79.62% |          56      2.89%     82.51% |          55      2.84%     85.35% |          55      2.84%     88.18% |          55      2.84%     91.02% |          55      2.84%     93.86% |          58      2.99%     96.85% |          61      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |          10     20.83%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |          12     25.00%     70.83% |           7     14.58%     85.42% |           7     14.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58607      3.88%      3.88% |       46856      3.10%      6.98% |       46863      3.10%     10.08% |       46817      3.10%     13.18% |       46843      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46833      3.10%     25.58% |       46903      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46871      3.10%     44.20% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46788      3.10%     50.41% |       46859      3.10%     53.51% |       46870      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46798      3.10%     65.91% |       46817      3.10%     69.01% |       46785      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46753      3.10%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46807      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46789      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      3.96%      3.96% |           0      0.00%      3.96% |           4      3.96%      7.92% |           3      2.97%     10.89% |          22     21.78%     32.67% |          22     21.78%     54.46% |           1      0.99%     55.45% |           3      2.97%     58.42% |           3      2.97%     61.39% |           1      0.99%     62.38% |           2      1.98%     64.36% |           3      2.97%     67.33% |           2      1.98%     69.31% |           0      0.00%     69.31% |           0      0.00%     69.31% |           0      0.00%     69.31% |           1      0.99%     70.30% |           1      0.99%     71.29% |           5      4.95%     76.24% |           3      2.97%     79.21% |           1      0.99%     80.20% |           1      0.99%     81.19% |           2      1.98%     83.17% |           2      1.98%     85.15% |           2      1.98%     87.13% |           2      1.98%     89.11% |           1      0.99%     90.10% |           2      1.98%     92.08% |           2      1.98%     94.06% |           2      1.98%     96.04% |           3      2.97%     99.01% |           1      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.97%      3.97% |          73      3.97%      7.95% |          58      3.16%     11.11% |          52      2.83%     13.94% |          56      3.05%     16.98% |          55      2.99%     19.98% |          58      3.16%     23.14% |          56      3.05%     26.18% |          74      4.03%     30.21% |          59      3.21%     33.42% |          73      3.97%     37.40% |          56      3.05%     40.45% |          57      3.10%     43.55% |          59      3.21%     46.76% |          57      3.10%     49.86% |          56      3.05%     52.91% |          55      2.99%     55.91% |          55      2.99%     58.90% |          53      2.89%     61.79% |          52      2.83%     64.62% |          53      2.89%     67.50% |          51      2.78%     70.28% |          53      2.89%     73.16% |          55      2.99%     76.16% |          56      3.05%     79.21% |          54      2.94%     82.14% |          54      2.94%     85.08% |          53      2.89%     87.97% |          53      2.89%     90.85% |          53      2.89%     93.74% |          55      2.99%     96.73% |          60      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         555      3.34%      3.34% |         470      2.83%      6.17% |         464      2.79%      8.96% |         465      2.80%     11.76% |         511      3.08%     14.84% |         468      2.82%     17.65% |         507      3.05%     20.71% |         529      3.18%     23.89% |         547      3.29%     27.18% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.31% |         566      3.41%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         562      3.38%     43.82% |         577      3.47%     47.29% |         521      3.14%     50.43% |         532      3.20%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.05% |         563      3.39%     60.44% |         505      3.04%     63.48% |         502      3.02%     66.50% |         519      3.12%     69.63% |         482      2.90%     72.53% |         469      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.64% |         591      3.56%     82.20% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18682      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.93% |        7029      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6980      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.78% |        7030      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6995      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.61% |        6959      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.54% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6990      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7004      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6962      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235698                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         543      3.27%      3.27% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         505      3.04%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.81% |         548      3.30%     27.10% |         487      2.93%     30.03% |         533      3.21%     33.24% |         566      3.41%     36.65% |         618      3.72%     40.37% |         562      3.38%     43.75% |         579      3.48%     47.23% |         523      3.15%     50.38% |         534      3.21%     53.59% |         569      3.42%     57.02% |         562      3.38%     60.40% |         509      3.06%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.32% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.37% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16618                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40406      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40366      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173258      8.49%      8.49% |       64257      3.15%     11.63% |       58751      2.88%     14.51% |       58457      2.86%     17.38% |       57800      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.38% |       59156      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.10% |       60644      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.02% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56796      2.78%     45.59% |       56447      2.77%     48.36% |       56868      2.79%     51.14% |       59188      2.90%     54.04% |       58515      2.87%     56.91% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63096      3.09%     68.90% |       64325      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61102      2.99%     78.01% |       62470      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61419      3.01%     87.06% |       64093      3.14%     90.20% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70024      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      109254     21.22%     21.22% |      257372     50.00%     71.22% |       18898      3.67%     74.90% |       19957      3.88%     78.77% |       17846      3.47%     82.24% |       19906      3.87%     86.11% |       18680      3.63%     89.74% |       19368      3.76%     93.50% |       16064      3.12%     96.62% |       17399      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       514744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      109254     21.22%     21.22% |      257372     50.00%     71.22% |       18898      3.67%     74.90% |       19957      3.88%     78.77% |       17846      3.47%     82.24% |       19906      3.87%     86.11% |       18680      3.63%     89.74% |       19368      3.76%     93.50% |       16064      3.12%     96.62% |       17399      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       514744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      109254     21.22%     21.22% |      257372     50.00%     71.22% |       18898      3.67%     74.90% |       19957      3.88%     78.77% |       17846      3.47%     82.24% |       19906      3.87%     86.11% |       18680      3.63%     89.74% |       19368      3.76%     93.50% |       16064      3.12%     96.62% |       17399      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       514744                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      109254     21.22%     21.22% |      257372     50.00%     71.22% |       18898      3.67%     74.90% |       19957      3.88%     78.77% |       17846      3.47%     82.24% |       19906      3.87%     86.11% |       18680      3.63%     89.74% |       19368      3.76%     93.50% |       16064      3.12%     96.62% |       17399      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       514744                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
