
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.035832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35831631000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5211999709500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29124                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48125570                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4747236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   744.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    21683750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      39645686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4965248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4965248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3962112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3962112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    138571644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            138571644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    110575821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           110575821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    249147464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           249147464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77582                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61908                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77582                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4963904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3961920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4965248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3962112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      292                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      765                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  35831151500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77582                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61908                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  49905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  11335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  10550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  11979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   1314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        57663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.777379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.242022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.260708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32314     56.04%     56.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13669     23.70%     79.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7151     12.40%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1776      3.08%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          981      1.70%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          539      0.93%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          390      0.68%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          283      0.49%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          560      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        57663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.234422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.020302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10714     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        10720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.774720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.556481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.082516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9814     91.55%     91.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           474      4.42%     95.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          213      1.99%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          219      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        10720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3245329647                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4699598397                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 387805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    41842.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               60592.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      138.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      110.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   138.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   110.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   50932                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  30863                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    256872.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8403100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1196260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    26225630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              216646920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              219240000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              118210125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              119625000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             304878600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             299941200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199208160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201903840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        13961400165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13482641205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9248035500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9667999500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          26388264030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          26331235305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.592159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          735.000281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4879360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4879360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3884736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3884736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60699                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    136174655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            136174655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    108416388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           108416388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    244591043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           244591043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60699                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60699                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4878656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3884736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4879360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3884736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      254                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      949                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  35830913500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60699                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  49392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  10233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        55655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.441955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.404072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.961028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30959     55.63%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13179     23.68%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6964     12.51%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1738      3.12%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          969      1.74%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          593      1.07%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          408      0.73%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          250      0.45%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          595      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        55655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.290455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.162883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10451     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        10456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.805184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.567648                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.195168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9549     91.33%     91.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           453      4.33%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          169      1.62%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          285      2.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        10456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3255818474                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4685112224                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    42711.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61461.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      136.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      108.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   136.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   108.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   50249                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  31014                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                65.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               51.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    261656.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8755188250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1196260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    25873716750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              210546000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              210122640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              114881250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              114650250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300471600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             293919600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195754320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197478000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        13836779640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13085578350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9357351750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10016300250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          26355669120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          26257933650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.682317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.954166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    136215736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            136215736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    108453897                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           108453897                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    244669633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           244669633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76263                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3885824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      185                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1011                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  35831401500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76263                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  49333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  10235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        55884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.833441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.168203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.092336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31140     55.72%     55.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13256     23.72%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7001     12.53%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1668      2.98%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1000      1.79%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          570      1.02%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          411      0.74%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          237      0.42%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          601      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        55884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.282357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    31.221519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10464     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        10469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.799599                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.563873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.183578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9552     91.24%     91.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           462      4.41%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          183      1.75%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          272      2.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        10469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3249154475                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4678804475                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42612.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61362.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      136.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      108.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   136.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   108.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   50148                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  30924                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                65.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               50.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    261575.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   59.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8738824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1196260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    25890250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              210674520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              211763160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              114951375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              115545375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300495000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294083400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195806160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197601120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        13721382000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13214921895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9458595000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1         9902858250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          26341788615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          26276657760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          735.294272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.476235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4855744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4855744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3878400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3878400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60600                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    135515573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            135515573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    108239561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           108239561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    243755134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           243755134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75872                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60600                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75872                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4855232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4855808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3878400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      264                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      872                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  35830889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75872                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  49050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  10232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        55359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.734641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.408774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.724473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30891     55.80%     55.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12947     23.39%     79.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6958     12.57%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1710      3.09%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1030      1.86%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          565      1.02%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          403      0.73%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          237      0.43%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          618      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        55359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.256577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.254492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10447     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        10453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.796996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.561058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.185154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           9539     91.26%     91.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           459      4.39%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          185      1.77%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          270      2.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        10453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3275371842                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4697803092                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43174.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               61924.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      135.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      108.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   135.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   108.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   50027                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  31066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                65.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               51.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    262551.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8742779750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1196260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    25885770250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              208535040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              209948760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              113784000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              114555375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298357800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195222960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197406720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2339884560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13682283705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13186087875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9492874500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1         9928134000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          26330942565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          26269227090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.992109                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          733.269407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              429148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7036749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 30.487641                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.044683                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                28.500941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7019985     99.76%     99.76% |       12277      0.17%     99.94% |        3212      0.05%     99.98% |        1217      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7036749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15038982                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.040163                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.767612                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.418679                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    13656623     90.81%     90.81% |     1269918      8.44%     99.25% |       67720      0.45%     99.70% |       22906      0.15%     99.85% |        9677      0.06%     99.92% |        5835      0.04%     99.96% |        3437      0.02%     99.98% |        2353      0.02%    100.00% |         513      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15038982                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15038979                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              15.956602                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.239017                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.534573                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15002298     99.76%     99.76% |       31285      0.21%     99.96% |        4054      0.03%     99.99% |        1051      0.01%    100.00% |         256      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15038979                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        13596883                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001985                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001711                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.044847                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13570092     99.80%     99.80% |       26588      0.20%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          13596883                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1442096                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        138.099930                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       109.792055                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       138.672281                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1405415     97.46%     97.46% |       31285      2.17%     99.63% |        4054      0.28%     99.91% |        1051      0.07%     99.98% |         256      0.02%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1442096                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         534866                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       534866                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7559046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288991                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7848037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5297348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5420408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       368315                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15960                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       159562                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318822                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39905                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        46003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       117193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         9311                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        50618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       122739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         8923                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       126478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        10300                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       120560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         8779                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       123967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         9921                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        42138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        59750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       101888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         2239                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        45471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        53071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        98542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         3314                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        95861                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         2290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        53748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        98646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         3417                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        66483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       111015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8823                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       115363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         8740                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        97238                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         2354                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        40854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       104119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         8660                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        64003                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       107052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         8637                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        66020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       110902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         8958                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        50053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       118936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         9264                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45794                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18297                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25553                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19052                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25861                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43840                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18343                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25501                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25513                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17557                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25493                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17729                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25474                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25495                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17552                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25480                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25499                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25446                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18271                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42564                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25553                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45126                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         6930                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      7490339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      7490339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7720447                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7490338                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3860669                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3846374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      7490338                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.104521                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5197354                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5197354                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5529711                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5197354                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3450656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3379290                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5197354                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.072525                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3249354                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3249354                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3411240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3249354                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1467721                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462750                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3249354                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.045342                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3025494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3025494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3188552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3025494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1453493                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1448438                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3025494                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.042218                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3532003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3532003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3714288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3532003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1839995                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1832815                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3532003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.049286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3489191                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3489191                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3700350                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3489191                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1802175                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1792599                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3489191                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.048689                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4173641                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4173641                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4363184                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4173641                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1839758                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1833705                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4173641                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.058240                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3423824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3423824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3587198                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3423824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1738661                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1730724                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3423824                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.047777                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1863670                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1863670                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1913941                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1863670                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       898782                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       897094                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1863670                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.026006                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2562719                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2562719                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2662161                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2562719                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1309649                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1306523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2562719                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.035761                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2365571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2365571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2452164                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2365571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1136850                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1134231                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2365571                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.033010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1999998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1999998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2059405                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1999998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       938587                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       936666                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1999998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027908                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2693490                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2693490                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2790244                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2693490                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1358391                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1355274                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2693490                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.037585                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2173002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2173002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2254715                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2173002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1036378                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033710                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2173002                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.030322                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1757106                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1757106                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1815242                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1757106                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       846578                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844690                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1757106                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.024519                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2434444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2434444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2578678                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2434444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1171324                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166032                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2434444                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.033971                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2971884                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2971884                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3130208                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2971884                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1394015                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1388596                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2971884                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.041470                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2601442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2601442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2711088                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2601442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1290595                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1287606                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2601442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.036301                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1586508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1586508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1603776                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1586508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       744132                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       743388                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1586508                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.022138                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1085367                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1085367                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1095146                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1085367                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       519528                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       519035                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1085367                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.015145                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       621411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       621411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       623318                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       621411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       331354                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       330671                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       621411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       819899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       819899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       824973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       819899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       443948                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       443187                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       819899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011441                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       747881                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       747881                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       752821                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       747881                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       391201                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       390425                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       747881                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.010436                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       511108                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       511108                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       512541                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       511108                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       260978                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       260336                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       511108                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       576960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       576960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       578853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       576960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       283820                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       283144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       576960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008051                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       790212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       790212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       795127                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       790212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       424383                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       423636                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       790212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011027                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       738746                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       738746                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       743792                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       738746                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       381192                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       380326                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       738746                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.010309                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       522788                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       522788                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       524172                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       522788                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       264789                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       264152                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       522788                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007295                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2554317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2554317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2618982                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2554317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1139005                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1137701                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2554317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.035643                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2557917                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2557917                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2617597                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2557917                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1133448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1131789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2557917                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035694                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2949069                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2949069                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3041307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2949069                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1345564                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1343429                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2949069                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.041152                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2751647                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2751647                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2829928                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2751647                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1246855                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1244935                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2751647                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.038397                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5220812     28.08%     28.08% |    11304923     60.81%     88.90% |     2063933     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18589668                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5220814     28.08%     28.08% |    11304924     60.81%     88.90% |     2063933     11.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18589671                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   147560705                       |   308710757                       |    52344929                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    27405779                       |    60721901                       |     2414761                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.263938                       |   27.307639                       |   25.361738                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    5.249333                       |    5.371279                       |    1.169980                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.360165                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.870579                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.230744                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004277                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.088063      6.68%      6.68% |    0.087864      6.67%     13.35% |    0.087794      6.66%     20.02% |    0.087607      6.65%     26.67% |    0.202418     15.37%     42.03% |    0.202072     15.34%     57.37% |    0.202186     15.35%     72.72% |    0.201866     15.32%     88.04% |    0.039380      2.99%     91.03% |    0.039395      2.99%     94.02% |    0.039371      2.99%     97.01% |    0.039367      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.317384                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.033062                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023360                       |    0.000002                       |    0.006609                       |    0.006909                       |    0.006998                       |    0.006721                       |    0.006949                       |    0.005325                       |    0.004632                       |    0.004514                       |    0.004809                       |    0.006260                       |    0.006428                       |    0.004568                       |    0.005830                       |    0.005959                       |    0.006012                       |    0.006389                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005324                       |    0.002858                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002805                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002756                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002712                       |    0.002863                       |    0.002927                       |    0.002935                       |    0.002771                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002691                       |    0.002708                       |    0.002825                       |    0.002769                       |    0.002770                       |    0.002742                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002947                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002681                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002772                       |    0.002711                       |    0.002789                       |    0.002753                       |    0.002809                       |    0.002895                       |    0.003051                       |    0.006474                       |    0.006357                       |    0.006359                       |    0.006326                       |    0.000342                       |           0                       |    0.004282                       |    0.011795                       |    0.000490                       |    0.000531                       |    0.000495                       |    0.000526                       |    0.000498                       |    0.000520                       |    0.000428                       |    0.000444                       |    0.000423                       |    0.000448                       |    0.000483                       |    0.000452                       |    0.000400                       |    0.000426                       |    0.000455                       |    0.000495                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003176                       |    0.000347                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003049                       |    0.002099                       |    0.004108                       |    0.003168                       |    0.000428                       |    0.003495                       |    0.009289                       |    0.005519                       |           0                       |    0.003195                       |    0.005262                       |           0                       |    0.009737                       |    0.011874                       |    0.005575                       |    0.005302                       |    0.003171                       |    0.000490                       |    0.012509                       |    0.010310                       |    0.013559                       |    0.005321                       |    0.003210                       |    0.000531                       |    0.016299                       |    0.009460                       |    0.007395                       |           0                       |    0.003170                       |    0.005156                       |           0                       |    0.014283                       |    0.008345                       |    0.004739                       |    0.004986                       |    0.003300                       |    0.000448                       |    0.010669                       |    0.003321                       |    0.005184                       |           0                       |    0.003203                       |           0                       |    0.002754                       |    0.002094                       |           0                       |    0.003327                       |           0                       |    0.002127                       |    0.002947                       |    0.003040                       |    0.004051                       |    0.003196                       |    0.000444                       |    0.005448                       |    0.004529                       |    0.009163                       |    0.008931                       |    0.005390                       |    0.003189                       |    0.000495                       |    0.004619                       |    0.013760                       |    0.015027                       |    0.006806                       |    0.032947                       |    0.004832                       |    0.004282                       |    0.007336                       |    0.019085                       |    0.025211                       |    0.010827                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003245                       |    0.011795                       |    0.007380                       |    0.022524                       |    0.017400                       |    0.010178                       |    0.005300                       |    0.003160                       |    0.000526                       |    0.006398                       |    0.016333                       |    0.012329                       |    0.004642                       |    0.005110                       |    0.003201                       |    0.000483                       |    0.007167                       |    0.010734                       |    0.004465                       |    0.006425                       |           0                       |    0.003185                       |           0                       |    0.001976                       |    0.002772                       |    0.003093                       |           0                       |    0.003155                       |           0                       |    0.001866                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002694                       |    0.004203                       |    0.003277                       |    0.000423                       |    0.005715                       |    0.003352                       |    0.009279                       |    0.006761                       |           0                       |    0.003257                       |    0.005158                       |           0                       |    0.005215                       |    0.008671                       |    0.011999                       |    0.006852                       |    0.005496                       |    0.003128                       |    0.000498                       |    0.020445                       |    0.011135                       |    0.010387                       |    0.007151                       |    0.004639                       |    0.003129                       |    0.000520                       |    0.008929                       |    0.013882                       |    0.009395                       |    0.007282                       |           0                       |    0.003344                       |    0.005140                       |           0                       |    0.005814                       |    0.013063                       |    0.008281                       |    0.002755                       |    0.004104                       |    0.003170                       |    0.000452                       |    0.007619                       |    0.009053                       |    0.003182                       |    0.002744                       |           0                       |    0.003154                       |           0                       |    0.001696                       |    0.002711                       |    0.002748                       |           0                       |    0.003129                       |           0                       |    0.001322                       |    0.002681                       |    0.004841                       |    0.003126                       |    0.000400                       |    0.004528                       |    0.001757                       |    0.009868                       |    0.004907                       |    0.003136                       |    0.000426                       |    0.004679                       |    0.006155                       |    0.014667                       |    0.005003                       |    0.003250                       |    0.000455                       |    0.011387                       |    0.008157                       |    0.013219                       |    0.005131                       |    0.003162                       |    0.000495                       |    0.005637                       |    0.010361                       |    0.011514                       |           0                       |    0.003191                       |           0                       |    0.005930                       |    0.006147                       |    0.006870                       |           0                       |    0.003186                       |           0                       |    0.005102                       |    0.005099                       |    0.001758                       |           0                       |    0.003183                       |           0                       |    0.001322                       |    0.002789                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.317384                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5186351                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5186351                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3781651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3192944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.432540                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          355983                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29833                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8872200                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45185                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4652192                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20677                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8917385                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         4672869                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13524392                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65862                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13590254                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5427214                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9484                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5436698                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5427214                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9484                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5436698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 67890040                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19200383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               27502030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5186351                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3548927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              43943428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       212744                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       308734                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5426578                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     64258955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.796624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.156623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         54931597     85.48%     85.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           913385      1.42%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           551892      0.86%     87.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           962696      1.50%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1294054      2.01%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           558545      0.87%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           537524      0.84%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           983204      1.53%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3526058      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     64258955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076393                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.405097                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15479979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      40657558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6465396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1357451                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       48768418                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16055196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25316681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4831878                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7115907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      10640722                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       47841818                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2871877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     56487639                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     111884791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     68496133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      46685501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9802123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133674                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135631                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts           8637906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4639664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      4839730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       833165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       699691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           46696197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       261134                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          49034758                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143075                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7094649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11434172                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     64258955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.763081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.451155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     44575164     69.37%     69.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7103193     11.05%     80.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      4905473      7.63%     88.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2610513      4.06%     92.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2826835      4.40%     96.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1082198      1.68%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692159      1.08%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289564      0.45%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173856      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     64258955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95277     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601832     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66313      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165357      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      35098480     71.58%     71.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22622      0.05%     71.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.11%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8996431     18.35%     90.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4699489      9.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       49034758                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.722267                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.015569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    163234903                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54058487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43657698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       49632791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       884683                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110276                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2626                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6947                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395886                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5298482                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4423510                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17889512                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     46957331                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4639664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4839730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       252013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6947                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190195                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48644631                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8861616                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13517821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4118730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4656205                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.716521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               43720230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              43657718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          28457373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          44202840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.643065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.643791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7284073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       212225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     63107720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.628222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.556818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48144623     76.29%     76.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7421451     11.76%     88.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1770650      2.81%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2061314      3.27%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       662207      1.05%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       954376      1.51%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694000      1.10%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278510      0.44%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1120589      1.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     63107720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     21683749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       39645683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                7973227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3529384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3782038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39354903                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       281250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81870      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     31518178     79.50%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21407      0.05%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.13%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3529384      8.90%     88.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4443843     11.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     39645683                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1120589                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            108858842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            95015261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3631085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            21683749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              39645683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.130918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.130918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.319395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.319395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70639240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        34641931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20235024                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16237874                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        22227642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2694873000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2694873000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3141693                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        31.750262                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.917382                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       35.636911                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3131248     99.67%     99.67% |        6630      0.21%     99.88% |        2593      0.08%     99.96% |        1164      0.04%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3141693                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3057600                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        30.249087                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.640331                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       22.977700                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3037260     99.33%     99.33% |       14021      0.46%     99.79% |        4295      0.14%     99.93% |        1352      0.04%     99.98% |         425      0.01%     99.99% |         194      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3057600                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        837456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.621925                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.425682                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.596165                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      111242     13.28%     13.28% |      445216     53.16%     66.45% |      253614     30.28%     96.73% |       25177      3.01%     99.74% |        1962      0.23%     99.97% |         216      0.03%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          837456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4251139                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           23.633024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.949818                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          80.153378                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4225759     99.40%     99.40% |       22763      0.54%     99.94% |        1931      0.05%     99.98% |         541      0.01%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4251139                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3665876                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000802                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000690                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.028581                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3662966     99.92%     99.92% |        2881      0.08%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3665876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       585263                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     152.865812                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    113.789908                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    165.221878                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      559883     95.66%     95.66% |       22763      3.89%     99.55% |        1931      0.33%     99.88% |         541      0.09%     99.98% |         141      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        585263                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5239366                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           21.420782                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.974735                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.635291                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5228285     99.79%     99.79% |        8303      0.16%     99.95% |        2122      0.04%     99.99% |         510      0.01%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5239366                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4513445                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005305                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004575                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.073173                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4489674     99.47%     99.47% |       23597      0.52%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4513445                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       725921                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     135.919801                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    114.374901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    122.205898                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      714840     98.47%     98.47% |        8303      1.14%     99.62% |        2122      0.29%     99.91% |         510      0.07%     99.98% |         115      0.02%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        725921                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5420406                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.830925                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.226866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.536046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5407782     99.77%     99.77% |       10574      0.20%     99.96% |        1802      0.03%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5420406                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5297348                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000614                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5297346    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5297348                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123058                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.647768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.413411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.320565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110434     89.74%     89.74% |       10574      8.59%     98.33% |        1802      1.46%     99.80% |          52      0.04%     99.84% |          81      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          23      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126762                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.522538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667433                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.609227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125483     98.99%     98.99% |        1000      0.79%     99.78% |         250      0.20%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126762                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118828     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7826                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.437772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.354706                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.586542                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6547     83.66%     83.66% |        1000     12.78%     96.43% |         250      3.19%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          11      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7826                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12772                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       330212                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       294072                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     8696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    94094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                     9485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    98884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     8708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    12270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   103102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     9355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   12269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   96858                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    8611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   12269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  100886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                    8856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   12271                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   79058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    8329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   12264                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   76072                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    8838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   12265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   73068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    8447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   12253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   76041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   12249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   88337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    8815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   12256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                   92132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    8725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                   12250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   74556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    8073                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                   12250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   81637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    8719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                   12253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   84028                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                   10166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   12250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                   86378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    9216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   12255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   95291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                     87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2161                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   317                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                    87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  1475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1631                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  1440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                    99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  1856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                    96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                  1873                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  1453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                  1906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                   103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                  1814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                   102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                  1778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                    97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  1907                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    35154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    35813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    39433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      559                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   35246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   38166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   26115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   27181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   24978                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                     609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                      12                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   27537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   33348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                     569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      27                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                   34070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                     609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                   25571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                     577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                   31632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                     578                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                   31786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                     892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                   32272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                     638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                   35505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 9064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                95958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                 9824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               100744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 9044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                12357                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               105263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 9688                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               98702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                8928                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              102869                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                9184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               12358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               80533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                8668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               12358                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               77703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                9184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               74508                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                8784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               77697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               90193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                9192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses               94005                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                9064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               76009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                8408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses               12354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               83543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                9040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses               12356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               85842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses               10580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses               88156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                9572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               12352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               97198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  253153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  207089                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1171295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  241396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  186810                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1139360                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  258024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  209514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1229587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  241248                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                 186617                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                1129376                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 251904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 209986                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1202024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4295200753                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295156003                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4296094546                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295262971                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295222204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4296289241                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295241110                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295197686                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4296237141                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295259353                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4295223893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4296259965                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4295228306                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295198679                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4296153063                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4295223465                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4295176899                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4296165074                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295240111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295199455                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4296247545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295267659                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295240858                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4296231599                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4295268905                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4295221225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4296225463                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295267596                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4295200319                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4296175545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4295229184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295176787                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4296163230                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    5940                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   47994                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    6436                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   50388                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    5920                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10245                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   52647                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  49366                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   5848                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  51449                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   6016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  10246                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  40281                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   5676                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  10246                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  38867                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   6016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  37268                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   5748                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  38861                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   5664                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                  45109                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   6024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                  47017                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   5940                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  38017                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                   5504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                  10242                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  41783                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   5916                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                  10244                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  42930                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   6928                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                  44092                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   6272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  10240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  48614                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   3124                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  47964                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3388                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  50356                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3124                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  52616                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   3344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 49336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  3080                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 51420                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 40252                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  2992                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 38836                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 37240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  3036                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 38836                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  2992                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 45084                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  3168                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                 46988                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  3124                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                 37992                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  2904                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                 41760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  3124                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                 42912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  3652                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                 44064                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  3300                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  2112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                 48584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 5778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                46130                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                48528                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 5766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                50486                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6197                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               10197                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               47522                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                5720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               10197                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               49466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                5883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               10199                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               38806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                5524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               10192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               37236                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                5886                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               10195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               35828                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                5610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               10181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               37205                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                5539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               10179                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               43253                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               10185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits               45144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                5808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits               10178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               36564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                5386                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits               10180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               39877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                5792                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits               10182                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               41116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                6770                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               10178                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits               42314                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                6117                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               10184                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               46707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                162                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1864                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1860                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1844                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               128                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1983                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               133                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                47                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1475                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                54                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              1631                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                49                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              1656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses                55                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses              1873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1453                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               118                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses              1906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses              1814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               158                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses              1778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1907                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               47964                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                3181                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               50356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2942                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               52616                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              49336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              51420                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               2973                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              40252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               2805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              38836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               2952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               2070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              37240                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               2837                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              38836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               2797                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               2070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              45084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               2950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits              46988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               2917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits              37992                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               2687                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               2070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits              41760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               2927                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits              42912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               3396                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               2072                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits              44064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               3099                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               2071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits              48584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               182                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              187                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              216                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              207                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              256                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       77                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      153                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      156                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       76                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     154                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      70                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     153                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     141                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      68                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      69                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                     133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      68                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                     142                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                      72                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                     149                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                     138                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      66                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                     139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      71                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                     141                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                      83                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                     143                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                      75                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                     149                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                1109984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                1434824                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2611841                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1109991                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                1396257                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2599929                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                1113347                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1409920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2584721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                1106956                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               1393941                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2602038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1109719                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               1380761                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2591962                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1104541                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               1382321                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2624193                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               1119279                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1508929                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2625556                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               1104184                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1456024                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2609023                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               1103838                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               1524141                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2599825                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1103695                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               1499175                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2607899                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               1114916                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1415321                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               2611762                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               1105844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles               1484169                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               2619721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               1106848                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1518618                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2594537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1118216                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles               1490641                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2608667                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles               1106389                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1475247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles               2596195                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles               1105848                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               1440129                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               2599050                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1232                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1248                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    1216                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1232                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   1120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   1224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   1128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   1088                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   1064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   1064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                   1104                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                   1064                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                   1088                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                   1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                   1152                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                   1192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                   1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                   1104                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                   1056                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                   1112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                   1136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                   1128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                   1328                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                   1144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                   1200                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                   1192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                840967                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1332333                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2394229                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                743696                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1294101                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2381599                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                824947                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1308200                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2334983                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                788604                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1294328                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2384276                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               827630                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1280085                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2375506                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles               809105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              1280665                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              2447573                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               782555                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1397737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2414472                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               814961                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1351634                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2417788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               750176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1414476                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2401069                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               780901                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              1392622                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              2383235                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               819038                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1310896                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              2394098                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles               802858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles              1379707                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              2420192                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles               750782                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1405607                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2380012                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               759047                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles              1382727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              2403255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               742136                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1368765                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles              2388569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles               766184                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              1340240                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              2386887                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              61438                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              97608                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles              67810                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             101592                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              61185                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles              67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             103584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              65957                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            102256                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             61435                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            101593                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles             62641                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles             93624                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             59409                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             88312                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles             63541                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles             88312                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             60917                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             88312                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles             59348                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94288                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             63185                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             98936                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles             62570                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles             91632                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             59171                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             92296                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             62271                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles             93624                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             74932                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             94952                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles             65536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             67584                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles             98936                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1107701                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               782793                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              1676902                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1220873                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               772518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1675167                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1121769                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               783365                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              1733410                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              1160708                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              757308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1659624                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             1115386                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              769381                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             1720743                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             1106144                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              753580                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             1627561                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             1184559                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              838575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             1754568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             1118346                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              808798                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1688071                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             1205234                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              842654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             1709639                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             1142822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              811732                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             1720613                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             1112888                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              788669                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles             1700856                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles             1124012                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              806531                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles             1716022                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles             1211843                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              843173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles             1733425                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles             1249734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              821313                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles             1721495                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles             1259025                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              804049                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles             1699876                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles             1176907                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              783456                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles             1685960                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           840967                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1332333                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2394229                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           743696                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1294101                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2381599                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           824947                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1308200                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2334983                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           788604                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1294328                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2384276                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          827630                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1280085                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2375506                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time          809105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         1280665                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         2447573                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          782555                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1397737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2414472                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          814961                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1351634                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2417788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          750176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1414476                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2401069                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          780901                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         1392622                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         2383235                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          819038                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1310896                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         2394098                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time          802858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time         1379707                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         2420192                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time          750782                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1405607                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2380012                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          759047                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time         1382727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         2403255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          742136                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1368765                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time         2388569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time          766184                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         1340240                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         2386887                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         58505                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         97516                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time         62263                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        101490                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         58880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time         67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        103413                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         62431                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       102157                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        57245                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       101362                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time        58898                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time        93564                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        55486                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        88200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time        58800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time        88263                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        56198                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        88221                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time        55578                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94187                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        58878                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        98893                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time        57966                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time        91583                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        53248                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        92207                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        57807                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time        93540                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        66733                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        94892                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time        61403                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        67584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time        98870                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          865359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          782793                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1647168                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          875540                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          772518                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1641324                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          872441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          783365                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1658220                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          873011                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         757308                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1628125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         867914                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         769381                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1641940                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         850760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         753580                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1609303                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         882834                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         838575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        1702513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         861902                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         808798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1663947                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         885535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         842654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1663756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         855333                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         811732                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1672764                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         854998                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         788669                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time        1673708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         867208                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         806531                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time        1678030                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         888422                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         843173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time        1682377                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         905671                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         821313                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time        1686506                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         900584                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         804049                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time        1669955                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         870703                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         783456                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time        1650119                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            1104386                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            1426376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2600342                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1104120                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            1387809                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2588224                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            1107503                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1401472                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2573131                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            1101114                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           1385493                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2590304                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1103986                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           1372313                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2580263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1098811                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           1373873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2612739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           1114276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1500481                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2615514                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           1098078                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1447576                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2598683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           1098149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           1515693                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2589739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1098393                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           1490727                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2597255                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           1109106                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1406873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           2600537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           1099633                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time           1475721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           2608944                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           1101055                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1510170                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2583872                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1112908                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time           1482193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2598033                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time           1099165                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1466799                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time           2585545                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time           1099916                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           1431681                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           2587578                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              4446                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles             64461                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles               919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles            396449                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             11730                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              6044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              1047                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles            19702                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles            11701                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             5245                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1202                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            31630                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles            11903                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles            50050                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             9376                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles              951                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles            11947                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles              731                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles            11671                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1220                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles            10909                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             6384                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles            11560                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles             6502                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles             7553                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles            12511                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1251                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles             6626                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles            11636                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles            22036                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles            11482                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             1487                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          70132203                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          67495188                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          70132199                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          67508584                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368625                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          70132205                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          67493886                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         70132201                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         67494168                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368637                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         70132210                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         67493887                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         70132206                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         67494484                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368672                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         70132222                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         67495142                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         70132218                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         67493761                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles         66368569                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles         70132227                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         67493770                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles         66368608                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles         70132223                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles         67493767                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles         66368647                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         70132219                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles         67494023                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles         66368708                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles         70132225                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles         67493911                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         66368517                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles         70132239                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles         67494109                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles         66368510                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles         70132235                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         67493931                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles         66368567                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles         70132231                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles         67494349                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles         66368682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         70132227                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles         67493770                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1044037                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1434867                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2180809                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          1051329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1396203                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2169420                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1061713                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          1409941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2147058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1041159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1393894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2169542                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1056647                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1380776                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2151941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         1046968                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1382295                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2197980                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1052573                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         1509064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2196475                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1040392                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1456096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2183289                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1038645                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1524162                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2171542                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         1044895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1499248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2176307                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1055151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         1415337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         2183750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1042203                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         1484251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2195575                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1048158                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1518782                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         2166515                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         1057895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1490762                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         2180790                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1045562                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         1475338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         2171771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1036529                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1439820                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2165170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              204                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               80                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              462                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               87                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              521                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              206                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0               88                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0              523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0              213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0               82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2513                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             14127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             15832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             14760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2747                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            15369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            14673                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            15108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             2408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            12801                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2484                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             2056                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            13240                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1            12481                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             2055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1            13071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             2542                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1            14251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             2466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1            13404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             2274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             2058                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1            11525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             2497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1             2061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1            12430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             2712                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             2072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1            13047                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1             2604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1             2068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1            14429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              9536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              3178                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             10294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2801                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              9408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              3228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            10304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             2799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             9689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             2922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            10215                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             2297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             7402                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             2522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             2721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             7833                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             2731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             7437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2586                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             2762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             8231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             2843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2795                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             9074                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2             2590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             8101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             2018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2             7129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2             2709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             7655                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             2554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             2772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             8404                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2             2997                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             2826                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             9463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles             111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            1040                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           11110                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles              81                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             304                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles            8515                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             127                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1055                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           15402                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles              32                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            543                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           7885                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles            306                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1067                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          11441                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles             58                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            787                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           7942                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            287                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           2236                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          11732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles            413                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           9835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles            454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles           2438                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          14770                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles            134                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           2665                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          14748                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles            222                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           2654                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           9225                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles            473                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           2685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles           7810                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles            658                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2728                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles          13447                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles            177                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles           2686                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles           8754                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles            354                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           2662                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           6505                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles            181                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           2196                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           8010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77556     25.35%     25.35% |       76240     24.92%     50.27% |       76263     24.93%     75.20% |       75872     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305931                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       55998     25.42%     25.42% |       54782     24.87%     50.30% |       54800     24.88%     75.18% |       54677     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77582     25.36%     25.36% |       76240     24.92%     50.28% |       76263     24.93%     75.20% |       75871     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305956                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61908     25.38%     25.38% |       60699     24.88%     50.26% |       60720     24.89%     75.16% |       60600     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13366     25.26%     25.26% |       13266     25.08%     50.34% |       13271     25.08%     75.42% |       13002     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77556     25.35%     25.35% |       76240     24.92%     50.27% |       76263     24.93%     75.20% |       75872     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305931                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55741     25.40%     25.40% |       54587     24.88%     50.28% |       54608     24.89%     75.17% |       54488     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13366     25.26%     25.26% |       13266     25.08%     50.34% |       13271     25.08%     75.42% |       13002     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77556     25.35%     25.35% |       76240     24.92%     50.27% |       76263     24.93%     75.20% |       75871     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55741     25.40%     25.40% |       54587     24.88%     50.28% |       54608     24.89%     75.17% |       54488     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3279314     77.11%     77.11% |          38      0.00%     77.11% |       64086      1.51%     78.62% |       66974      1.57%     80.19% |       68718      1.62%     81.81% |       65861      1.55%     83.36% |       67449      1.59%     84.95% |       56451      1.33%     86.27% |       54695      1.29%     87.56% |       53437      1.26%     88.82% |       54761      1.29%     90.10% |       60925      1.43%     91.54% |       63189      1.49%     93.02% |       54109      1.27%     94.29% |       57443      1.35%     95.64% |       59009      1.39%     97.03% |       61169      1.44%     98.47% |       65033      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4252661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5420464    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5420464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4570373     85.15%     85.15% |           0      0.00%     85.15% |       53107      0.99%     86.14% |       55765      1.04%     87.18% |       57760      1.08%     88.25% |       54699      1.02%     89.27% |       56518      1.05%     90.32% |       45437      0.85%     91.17% |       43847      0.82%     91.99% |       42424      0.79%     92.78% |       43885      0.82%     93.60% |       50090      0.93%     94.53% |       52174      0.97%     95.50% |       43129      0.80%     96.30% |       46676      0.87%     97.17% |       48043      0.90%     98.07% |       49733      0.93%     99.00% |       53903      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      5367563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13363      4.07%      4.07% |          38      0.01%      4.08% |       20199      6.16%     10.24% |       19557      5.96%     16.20% |       20928      6.38%     22.58% |       18921      5.77%     28.34% |       20834      6.35%     34.69% |       20932      6.38%     41.07% |       17808      5.43%     46.50% |       16946      5.16%     51.66% |       19052      5.81%     57.47% |       19943      6.08%     63.54% |       19775      6.03%     69.57% |       18884      5.75%     75.32% |       20380      6.21%     81.53% |       21022      6.41%     87.94% |       19982      6.09%     94.03% |       19592      5.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       328156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410297     55.50%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |       21239      2.87%     58.38% |       21887      2.96%     61.34% |       22040      2.98%     64.32% |       21864      2.96%     67.28% |       21625      2.93%     70.20% |       20196      2.73%     72.93% |       19149      2.59%     75.53% |       19302      2.61%     78.14% |       19064      2.58%     80.72% |       20349      2.75%     83.47% |       21144      2.86%     86.33% |       19524      2.64%     88.97% |       19327      2.61%     91.58% |       19865      2.69%     94.27% |       20831      2.82%     97.09% |       21515      2.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       739218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20775      7.55%      7.55% |       21153      7.69%     15.25% |       21341      7.76%     23.01% |       21527      7.83%     30.84% |       21738      7.90%     38.74% |       13702      4.98%     43.72% |       12049      4.38%     48.10% |       11777      4.28%     52.39% |       12080      4.39%     56.78% |       18462      6.71%     63.49% |       19041      6.92%     70.42% |       10608      3.86%     74.27% |       16969      6.17%     80.45% |       16585      6.03%     86.48% |       18040      6.56%     93.04% |       19149      6.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       274996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       16561      7.07%      7.08% |       18598      7.94%     15.02% |       19353      8.26%     23.28% |       17052      7.28%     30.56% |       17955      7.66%     38.22% |       12394      5.29%     43.51% |        9987      4.26%     47.77% |        9117      3.89%     51.66% |       11101      4.74%     56.40% |       16216      6.92%     63.32% |       16697      7.13%     70.45% |        9900      4.23%     74.67% |       14109      6.02%     80.69% |       15049      6.42%     87.12% |       14087      6.01%     93.13% |       16097      6.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       234304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1382      6.85%      6.85% |        1191      5.91%     12.76% |        1492      7.40%     20.16% |        1445      7.17%     27.33% |        1671      8.29%     35.62% |        1457      7.23%     42.84% |        1164      5.77%     48.62% |         843      4.18%     52.80% |        1374      6.81%     59.61% |         918      4.55%     64.17% |        1498      7.43%     71.60% |         824      4.09%     75.68% |        1166      5.78%     81.47% |        1405      6.97%     88.43% |        1016      5.04%     93.47% |        1316      6.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        20162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141717     54.84%     54.84% |          10      0.00%     54.85% |        7586      2.94%     57.78% |        7800      3.02%     60.80% |        8211      3.18%     63.98% |        7811      3.02%     67.00% |        7855      3.04%     70.04% |        7244      2.80%     72.85% |        6325      2.45%     75.29% |        6478      2.51%     77.80% |        6901      2.67%     80.47% |        7278      2.82%     83.29% |        7455      2.89%     86.17% |        6684      2.59%     88.76% |        7273      2.81%     91.58% |        7349      2.84%     94.42% |        6973      2.70%     97.12% |        7448      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       258398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |       16293      6.95%      6.97% |       14965      6.39%     13.35% |       14420      6.15%     19.51% |       15875      6.78%     26.28% |       16698      7.13%     33.41% |       14583      6.22%     39.63% |       13366      5.70%     45.34% |       13091      5.59%     50.92% |       12863      5.49%     56.41% |       14479      6.18%     62.59% |       15079      6.44%     69.03% |       13172      5.62%     74.65% |       14590      6.23%     80.88% |       14069      6.00%     86.88% |       15048      6.42%     93.31% |       15685      6.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       234304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270312     37.91%     37.91% |           0      0.00%     37.91% |       29323      4.11%     42.02% |       29948      4.20%     46.22% |       30708      4.31%     50.52% |       28918      4.06%     54.58% |       29704      4.17%     58.74% |       26545      3.72%     62.47% |       23436      3.29%     65.75% |       23635      3.31%     69.07% |       24128      3.38%     72.45% |       29077      4.08%     76.53% |       28417      3.98%     80.51% |       24200      3.39%     83.91% |       28002      3.93%     87.83% |       28673      4.02%     91.85% |       29661      4.16%     96.01% |       28441      3.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       713128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20467      7.68%      7.68% |       22386      8.40%     16.08% |       21592      8.10%     24.18% |       21889      8.21%     32.39% |       22926      8.60%     40.99% |       12395      4.65%     45.64% |       10934      4.10%     49.74% |        9970      3.74%     53.48% |       10825      4.06%     57.54% |       17271      6.48%     64.02% |       19924      7.47%     71.50% |        9002      3.38%     74.87% |       15240      5.72%     80.59% |       15865      5.95%     86.54% |       16245      6.09%     92.64% |       19625      7.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       266556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17988      7.61%      7.62% |       19408      8.21%     15.84% |       18860      7.98%     23.82% |       19341      8.19%     32.00% |       19816      8.39%     40.39% |       11378      4.82%     45.21% |        9944      4.21%     49.42% |        9396      3.98%     53.39% |        9856      4.17%     57.56% |       15649      6.62%     64.19% |       17305      7.32%     71.51% |        8347      3.53%     75.05% |       13400      5.67%     80.72% |       13912      5.89%     86.61% |       14338      6.07%     92.67% |       17309      7.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       236266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287545     60.78%     60.78% |           0      0.00%     60.78% |       11065      2.34%     63.12% |       10719      2.27%     65.38% |       10058      2.13%     67.51% |       10864      2.30%     69.80% |       10985      2.32%     72.12% |       12527      2.65%     74.77% |       12188      2.58%     77.35% |       12879      2.72%     80.07% |       11931      2.52%     82.59% |       10998      2.32%     84.92% |       11177      2.36%     87.28% |       12968      2.74%     90.02% |       11634      2.46%     92.48% |       11749      2.48%     94.96% |       12328      2.61%     97.57% |       11504      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       473119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141742     35.14%     35.14% |          38      0.01%     35.15% |       17068      4.23%     39.38% |       17494      4.34%     43.72% |       17869      4.43%     48.15% |       17508      4.34%     52.49% |       17491      4.34%     56.82% |       15988      3.96%     60.79% |       15089      3.74%     64.53% |       15094      3.74%     68.27% |       14967      3.71%     71.98% |       16289      4.04%     76.02% |       16936      4.20%     80.22% |       15353      3.81%     84.02% |       15341      3.80%     87.83% |       15694      3.89%     91.72% |       16216      4.02%     95.74% |       17196      4.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       403373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122583    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146858     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        4683      2.11%     68.15% |        4905      2.21%     70.35% |        4683      2.11%     72.46% |        4868      2.19%     74.65% |        4646      2.09%     76.74% |        4720      2.12%     78.86% |        4572      2.06%     80.91% |        4720      2.12%     83.04% |        4609      2.07%     85.11% |        4572      2.06%     87.17% |        4720      2.12%     89.29% |        4683      2.11%     91.39% |        4498      2.02%     93.42% |        4683      2.11%     95.52% |        5127      2.31%     97.83% |        4831      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11157     28.70%     28.70% |           0      0.00%     28.70% |        1770      4.55%     33.25% |        1762      4.53%     37.79% |        1802      4.64%     42.42% |        1700      4.37%     46.79% |        1748      4.50%     51.29% |        1773      4.56%     55.85% |        1724      4.43%     60.29% |        1739      4.47%     64.76% |        1655      4.26%     69.02% |        1753      4.51%     73.53% |        1811      4.66%     78.18% |        1784      4.59%     82.77% |        1614      4.15%     86.92% |        1647      4.24%     91.16% |        1744      4.49%     95.65% |        1692      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        38875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         345      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       12749      7.01%      7.20% |       11412      6.27%     13.47% |       11245      6.18%     19.66% |       12201      6.71%     26.36% |       13235      7.28%     33.64% |       11837      6.51%     40.15% |        9565      5.26%     45.41% |        9675      5.32%     50.72% |       10018      5.51%     56.23% |       11256      6.19%     62.42% |       11340      6.23%     68.66% |        9747      5.36%     74.01% |       11907      6.55%     80.56% |       11755      6.46%     87.02% |       11780      6.48%     93.50% |       11824      6.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       181891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         477    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          27      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       19672      6.80%      6.81% |       19675      6.81%     13.62% |       20614      7.13%     20.75% |       19110      6.61%     27.36% |       20180      6.98%     34.34% |       17059      5.90%     40.24% |       14702      5.09%     45.33% |       14273      4.94%     50.26% |       15309      5.30%     55.56% |       19245      6.66%     62.21% |       19033      6.58%     68.80% |       14835      5.13%     73.93% |       18732      6.48%     80.41% |       18873      6.53%     86.94% |       19113      6.61%     93.55% |       18657      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       289109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         586      0.68%      0.68% |           0      0.00%      0.68% |        6371      7.43%      8.11% |        7443      8.68%     16.79% |        8187      9.54%     26.33% |        7074      8.25%     34.57% |        7033      8.20%     42.77% |        3740      4.36%     47.13% |        3502      4.08%     51.21% |        2751      3.21%     54.42% |        3781      4.41%     58.83% |        5754      6.71%     65.53% |        6212      7.24%     72.78% |        2864      3.34%     76.11% |        4543      5.30%     81.41% |        4840      5.64%     87.05% |        4923      5.74%     92.79% |        6186      7.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        85790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      3.96%      3.96% |           0      0.00%      3.96% |       11684      6.73%     10.68% |       13629      7.85%     18.53% |       12487      7.19%     25.72% |       12059      6.94%     32.66% |       12030      6.93%     39.59% |        7777      4.48%     44.06% |        7505      4.32%     48.38% |        7206      4.15%     52.53% |        7516      4.33%     56.86% |       11449      6.59%     63.45% |       11425      6.58%     70.03% |        7175      4.13%     74.16% |       10046      5.78%     79.94% |       11351      6.54%     86.48% |       11910      6.86%     93.34% |       11575      6.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       173694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5297348    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5297348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17018      7.66%      7.66% |       18635      8.38%     16.05% |       17788      8.00%     24.05% |       18258      8.21%     32.26% |       18521      8.33%     40.60% |       10146      4.56%     45.16% |        9143      4.11%     49.27% |        8838      3.98%     53.25% |        8845      3.98%     57.23% |       15121      6.80%     64.03% |       16227      7.30%     71.33% |        7785      3.50%     74.83% |       12787      5.75%     80.59% |       12998      5.85%     86.43% |       13784      6.20%     92.63% |       16375      7.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       222288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1302      0.46%      0.46% |          28      0.01%      0.47% |       17962      6.38%      6.85% |       17333      6.16%     13.01% |       18649      6.63%     19.64% |       16755      5.95%     25.59% |       18669      6.63%     32.23% |       18888      6.71%     38.94% |       15711      5.58%     44.52% |       14889      5.29%     49.81% |       16966      6.03%     55.84% |       17731      6.30%     62.14% |       17521      6.23%     68.37% |       16833      5.98%     74.35% |       18138      6.44%     80.79% |       18864      6.70%     87.50% |       17737      6.30%     93.80% |       17454      6.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       281430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122029     67.73%     67.73% |           0      0.00%     67.73% |        3803      2.11%     69.84% |        3725      2.07%     71.91% |        3795      2.11%     74.01% |        3926      2.18%     76.19% |        3607      2.00%     78.19% |        3929      2.18%     80.38% |        3459      1.92%     82.30% |        3672      2.04%     84.33% |        3352      1.86%     86.19% |        3597      2.00%     88.19% |        3755      2.08%     90.27% |        3692      2.05%     92.32% |        3150      1.75%     94.07% |        3276      1.82%     95.89% |        3580      1.99%     97.88% |        3825      2.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       180172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1393962     90.68%     90.68% |           0      0.00%     90.68% |        9020      0.59%     91.27% |        9216      0.60%     91.87% |        9781      0.64%     92.51% |        9064      0.59%     93.10% |        9169      0.60%     93.69% |        8664      0.56%     94.26% |        8619      0.56%     94.82% |        8601      0.56%     95.38% |        8862      0.58%     95.95% |        9005      0.59%     96.54% |        8907      0.58%     97.12% |        8697      0.57%     97.68% |        8792      0.57%     98.26% |        8898      0.58%     98.83% |        8747      0.57%     99.40% |        9167      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1537171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21193     28.54%     28.54% |           0      0.00%     28.54% |        3436      4.63%     33.16% |        3458      4.66%     37.82% |        4127      5.56%     43.38% |        3513      4.73%     48.11% |        3314      4.46%     52.57% |        3323      4.47%     57.05% |        2916      3.93%     60.97% |        3041      4.09%     65.07% |        3234      4.35%     69.42% |        3093      4.16%     73.59% |        3418      4.60%     78.19% |        3230      4.35%     82.54% |        3265      4.40%     86.93% |        3329      4.48%     91.42% |        2961      3.99%     95.40% |        3413      4.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        74264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         602     98.37%     98.37% |          10      1.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119808     78.83%     78.83% |           0      0.00%     78.83% |        2004      1.32%     80.15% |        2011      1.32%     81.47% |        2001      1.32%     82.79% |        2005      1.32%     84.11% |        2013      1.32%     85.43% |        2017      1.33%     86.76% |        2029      1.34%     88.09% |        2012      1.32%     89.42% |        1985      1.31%     90.72% |        2029      1.34%     92.06% |        2001      1.32%     93.37% |        1986      1.31%     94.68% |        2025      1.33%     96.01% |        2033      1.34%     97.35% |        2017      1.33%     98.68% |        2008      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       151984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1846      6.91%      6.91% |        2036      7.62%     14.52% |        1780      6.66%     21.18% |        1994      7.46%     28.64% |        2237      8.37%     37.01% |        1617      6.05%     43.06% |        1105      4.13%     47.19% |        1133      4.24%     51.43% |        1363      5.10%     56.53% |        1881      7.04%     63.56% |        1733      6.48%     70.04% |        1149      4.30%     74.34% |        1704      6.37%     80.72% |        1716      6.42%     87.14% |        1708      6.39%     93.52% |        1731      6.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        26733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1734874     88.74%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |       13565      0.69%     89.43% |       15223      0.78%     90.21% |       17336      0.89%     91.10% |       15029      0.77%     91.87% |       15524      0.79%     92.66% |       12185      0.62%     93.29% |       13917      0.71%     94.00% |       12861      0.66%     94.65% |       13398      0.69%     95.34% |       12926      0.66%     96.00% |       14581      0.75%     96.75% |       13137      0.67%     97.42% |       11357      0.58%     98.00% |       11311      0.58%     98.58% |       12516      0.64%     99.22% |       15271      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1955011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4402147     96.55%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |        8298      0.18%     96.73% |        9092      0.20%     96.93% |       10548      0.23%     97.16% |        8950      0.20%     97.36% |        9857      0.22%     97.58% |       10189      0.22%     97.80% |       12514      0.27%     98.07% |       11552      0.25%     98.33% |       11888      0.26%     98.59% |        8059      0.18%     98.77% |        8776      0.19%     98.96% |       12596      0.28%     99.23% |        7394      0.16%     99.40% |        8160      0.18%     99.58% |        8748      0.19%     99.77% |       10627      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4559395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         302     36.25%     36.25% |           0      0.00%     36.25% |          46      5.52%     41.78% |          34      4.08%     45.86% |          34      4.08%     49.94% |          93     11.16%     61.10% |          12      1.44%     62.55% |          34      4.08%     66.63% |           6      0.72%     67.35% |          29      3.48%     70.83% |          40      4.80%     75.63% |          40      4.80%     80.43% |           9      1.08%     81.51% |           0      0.00%     81.51% |          66      7.92%     89.44% |           9      1.08%     90.52% |          30      3.60%     94.12% |          49      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167737     52.23%     52.23% |           0      0.00%     52.23% |        9061      2.82%     55.05% |        8708      2.71%     57.77% |        8057      2.51%     60.27% |        8859      2.76%     63.03% |        8972      2.79%     65.83% |       10510      3.27%     69.10% |       10159      3.16%     72.26% |       10867      3.38%     75.65% |        9946      3.10%     78.74% |        8969      2.79%     81.54% |        9176      2.86%     84.39% |       10982      3.42%     87.81% |        9609      2.99%     90.81% |        9716      3.03%     93.83% |       10311      3.21%     97.04% |        9496      2.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       321135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20775      7.55%      7.55% |       21153      7.69%     15.25% |       21340      7.76%     23.01% |       21526      7.83%     30.84% |       21738      7.90%     38.74% |       13702      4.98%     43.72% |       12049      4.38%     48.10% |       11777      4.28%     52.39% |       12080      4.39%     56.78% |       18460      6.71%     63.49% |       19041      6.92%     70.42% |       10608      3.86%     74.27% |       16969      6.17%     80.45% |       16584      6.03%     86.48% |       18040      6.56%     93.04% |       19149      6.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       274991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          31      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       14715      7.09%      7.10% |       16561      7.98%     15.08% |       17572      8.47%     23.55% |       15058      7.26%     30.81% |       15718      7.57%     38.38% |       10777      5.19%     43.57% |        8882      4.28%     47.85% |        7979      3.84%     51.69% |        9738      4.69%     56.39% |       14325      6.90%     63.29% |       14963      7.21%     70.50% |        8750      4.22%     74.71% |       12405      5.98%     80.69% |       13333      6.42%     87.11% |       12379      5.96%     93.08% |       14366      6.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       207552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      4.29%      4.29% |          10      4.76%      9.05% |          23     10.95%     20.00% |          11      5.24%     25.24% |          29     13.81%     39.05% |          12      5.71%     44.76% |           3      1.43%     46.19% |           4      1.90%     48.10% |          22     10.48%     58.57% |          24     11.43%     70.00% |          14      6.67%     76.67% |           5      2.38%     79.05% |           9      4.29%     83.33% |          11      5.24%     88.57% |           9      4.29%     92.86% |          15      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141717     54.84%     54.84% |          10      0.00%     54.85% |        7586      2.94%     57.78% |        7800      3.02%     60.80% |        8211      3.18%     63.98% |        7811      3.02%     67.00% |        7855      3.04%     70.04% |        7244      2.80%     72.85% |        6325      2.45%     75.29% |        6478      2.51%     77.80% |        6901      2.67%     80.47% |        7278      2.82%     83.29% |        7455      2.89%     86.17% |        6684      2.59%     88.76% |        7273      2.81%     91.58% |        7349      2.84%     94.42% |        6973      2.70%     97.12% |        7448      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       258398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28      0.01%      0.01% |       16293      6.95%      6.97% |       14965      6.39%     13.35% |       14420      6.15%     19.51% |       15875      6.78%     26.28% |       16698      7.13%     33.41% |       14583      6.22%     39.63% |       13366      5.70%     45.34% |       13091      5.59%     50.92% |       12863      5.49%     56.41% |       14479      6.18%     62.59% |       15079      6.44%     69.03% |       13172      5.62%     74.65% |       14590      6.23%     80.88% |       14069      6.00%     86.88% |       15048      6.42%     93.31% |       15685      6.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       234304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123427     57.30%     57.30% |           0      0.00%     57.30% |        5929      2.75%     60.05% |        6131      2.85%     62.90% |        6460      3.00%     65.90% |        6012      2.79%     68.69% |        6144      2.85%     71.54% |        5986      2.78%     74.32% |        4960      2.30%     76.62% |        5196      2.41%     79.03% |        5199      2.41%     81.45% |        5764      2.68%     84.12% |        5728      2.66%     86.78% |        5239      2.43%     89.21% |        5376      2.50%     91.71% |        6020      2.79%     94.50% |        5966      2.77%     97.27% |        5872      2.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       215409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1382      6.85%      6.85% |        1191      5.91%     12.76% |        1492      7.40%     20.16% |        1445      7.17%     27.33% |        1671      8.29%     35.62% |        1457      7.23%     42.84% |        1164      5.77%     48.62% |         843      4.18%     52.80% |        1374      6.81%     59.61% |         918      4.55%     64.17% |        1498      7.43%     71.60% |         824      4.09%     75.68% |        1166      5.78%     81.47% |        1405      6.97%     88.43% |        1016      5.04%     93.47% |        1316      6.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        20162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146885     29.52%     29.52% |           0      0.00%     29.52% |       23385      4.70%     34.22% |       23807      4.79%     39.01% |       24225      4.87%     43.88% |       22895      4.60%     48.48% |       23531      4.73%     53.21% |       20547      4.13%     57.34% |       18473      3.71%     61.05% |       18435      3.71%     64.76% |       18907      3.80%     68.56% |       23289      4.68%     73.24% |       22675      4.56%     77.80% |       18956      3.81%     81.61% |       22617      4.55%     86.15% |       22642      4.55%     90.71% |       23686      4.76%     95.47% |       22554      4.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       497509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         560      6.65%      6.65% |         479      5.69%     12.33% |         489      5.80%     18.14% |         483      5.73%     23.87% |         563      6.68%     30.55% |         554      6.58%     37.13% |         592      7.03%     44.15% |         356      4.23%     48.38% |         558      6.62%     55.00% |         542      6.43%     61.44% |         657      7.80%     69.23% |         385      4.57%     73.80% |         690      8.19%     81.99% |         666      7.91%     89.90% |         422      5.01%     94.91% |         429      5.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         8425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         412      6.66%      6.66% |         418      6.76%     13.42% |         420      6.79%     20.21% |         362      5.85%     26.07% |         376      6.08%     32.15% |         225      3.64%     35.79% |         363      5.87%     41.66% |         285      4.61%     46.26% |         363      5.87%     52.13% |         390      6.31%     58.44% |         420      6.79%     65.23% |         262      4.24%     69.47% |         553      8.94%     78.41% |         491      7.94%     86.35% |         462      7.47%     93.82% |         382      6.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         6184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       19907      7.71%      7.71% |       21907      8.49%     16.20% |       21103      8.18%     24.37% |       21406      8.29%     32.67% |       22363      8.66%     41.33% |       11841      4.59%     45.92% |       10342      4.01%     49.92% |        9614      3.72%     53.65% |       10267      3.98%     57.63% |       16729      6.48%     64.11% |       19267      7.46%     71.57% |        8617      3.34%     74.91% |       14550      5.64%     80.55% |       15199      5.89%     86.43% |       15823      6.13%     92.56% |       19196      7.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       258131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       17988      7.61%      7.62% |       19408      8.21%     15.84% |       18860      7.98%     23.82% |       19341      8.19%     32.00% |       19816      8.39%     40.39% |       11378      4.82%     45.21% |        9944      4.21%     49.42% |        9396      3.98%     53.39% |        9856      4.17%     57.56% |       15649      6.62%     64.19% |       17305      7.32%     71.51% |        8347      3.53%     75.05% |       13400      5.67%     80.72% |       13912      5.89%     86.61% |       14338      6.07%     92.67% |       17309      7.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       236266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      4.29%      4.29% |          10      4.76%      9.05% |          23     10.95%     20.00% |          11      5.24%     25.24% |          29     13.81%     39.05% |          12      5.71%     44.76% |           3      1.43%     46.19% |           4      1.90%     48.10% |          22     10.48%     58.57% |          24     11.43%     70.00% |          14      6.67%     76.67% |           5      2.38%     79.05% |           9      4.29%     83.33% |          11      5.24%     88.57% |           9      4.29%     92.86% |          15      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           6     60.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           1      5.26%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           5     26.32%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |          10     52.63%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287545     60.78%     60.78% |           0      0.00%     60.78% |       11065      2.34%     63.12% |       10718      2.27%     65.39% |       10056      2.13%     67.51% |       10863      2.30%     69.81% |       10985      2.32%     72.13% |       12527      2.65%     74.78% |       12187      2.58%     77.35% |       12874      2.72%     80.07% |       11925      2.52%     82.60% |       10983      2.32%     84.92% |       11176      2.36%     87.28% |       12967      2.74%     90.02% |       11634      2.46%     92.48% |       11748      2.48%     94.96% |       12328      2.61%     97.57% |       11504      2.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       473085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.94%      2.94% |           2      5.88%      8.82% |           1      2.94%     11.76% |           0      0.00%     11.76% |           0      0.00%     11.76% |           1      2.94%     14.71% |           5     14.71%     29.41% |           6     17.65%     47.06% |          15     44.12%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           1      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3827      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.18% |        3473      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.71% |        4040      3.28%     17.99% |        3712      3.02%     21.01% |        3293      2.68%     23.68% |        3534      2.87%     26.55% |        5124      4.16%     30.72% |        3878      3.15%     33.87% |        3781      3.07%     36.94% |        3540      2.88%     39.82% |        4266      3.47%     43.28% |        3861      3.14%     46.42% |        3766      3.06%     49.48% |        4078      3.31%     52.79% |        4105      3.34%     56.13% |        3603      2.93%     59.06% |        3282      2.67%     61.72% |        3059      2.49%     64.21% |        3644      2.96%     67.17% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3385      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3628      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4531      3.68%     84.96% |        3911      3.18%     88.14% |        5149      4.18%     92.32% |        5002      4.06%     96.38% |        4450      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44892      7.52%      7.52% |       18506      3.10%     10.62% |       17574      2.95%     13.57% |       18279      3.06%     16.63% |       17770      2.98%     19.61% |       17450      2.92%     22.54% |       17196      2.88%     25.42% |       17119      2.87%     28.29% |       17313      2.90%     31.19% |       17738      2.97%     34.16% |       19655      3.29%     37.46% |       19249      3.23%     40.68% |       18055      3.03%     43.71% |       17639      2.96%     46.66% |       17011      2.85%     49.51% |       17191      2.88%     52.39% |       18205      3.05%     55.45% |       17499      2.93%     58.38% |       17825      2.99%     61.37% |       17682      2.96%     64.33% |       17703      2.97%     67.30% |       18850      3.16%     70.46% |       17401      2.92%     73.37% |       17117      2.87%     76.24% |       17555      2.94%     79.18% |       17838      2.99%     82.17% |       17361      2.91%     85.08% |       16898      2.83%     87.91% |       17509      2.93%     90.85% |       17030      2.85%     93.70% |       17544      2.94%     96.64% |       20040      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       596694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18435      3.49%      3.49% |       16530      3.13%      6.63% |       16169      3.07%      9.69% |       16436      3.12%     12.81% |       16484      3.12%     15.93% |       16238      3.08%     19.01% |       15998      3.03%     22.04% |       15974      3.03%     25.07% |       16488      3.13%     28.20% |       16246      3.08%     31.28% |       16148      3.06%     34.34% |       16787      3.18%     37.52% |       16432      3.11%     40.64% |       16103      3.05%     43.69% |       16013      3.04%     46.72% |       16127      3.06%     49.78% |       16374      3.10%     52.89% |       16188      3.07%     55.95% |       16368      3.10%     59.06% |       16489      3.13%     62.18% |       16462      3.12%     65.30% |       17330      3.29%     68.59% |       16326      3.09%     71.68% |       16280      3.09%     74.77% |       16782      3.18%     77.95% |       16393      3.11%     81.06% |       16470      3.12%     84.18% |       16814      3.19%     87.37% |       16515      3.13%     90.50% |       16417      3.11%     93.61% |       16902      3.20%     96.81% |       16807      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       527525                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        7080      3.17%      3.17% |        6938      3.11%      6.28% |        6965      3.12%      9.39% |        6913      3.09%     12.49% |        7002      3.13%     15.62% |        6957      3.11%     18.74% |        6939      3.11%     21.84% |        6958      3.11%     24.96% |        7056      3.16%     28.12% |        6904      3.09%     31.21% |        7004      3.14%     34.34% |        6967      3.12%     37.46% |        7062      3.16%     40.62% |        6919      3.10%     43.72% |        7023      3.14%     46.86% |        6928      3.10%     49.96% |        7086      3.17%     53.14% |        6904      3.09%     56.23% |        6971      3.12%     59.35% |        6975      3.12%     62.47% |        7106      3.18%     65.65% |        6931      3.10%     68.75% |        6921      3.10%     71.85% |        6987      3.13%     74.98% |        7154      3.20%     78.18% |        6980      3.12%     81.30% |        6951      3.11%     84.42% |        6917      3.10%     87.51% |        7109      3.18%     90.69% |        6963      3.12%     93.81% |        6919      3.10%     96.91% |        6905      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       223394                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42710      9.03%      9.03% |       14843      3.14%     12.16% |       13513      2.86%     15.02% |       14442      3.05%     18.07% |       13668      2.89%     20.96% |       13298      2.81%     23.77% |       12921      2.73%     26.50% |       12964      2.74%     29.24% |       13171      2.78%     32.03% |       13725      2.90%     34.93% |       15475      3.27%     38.20% |       15770      3.33%     41.53% |       13865      2.93%     44.46% |       13487      2.85%     47.31% |       12653      2.67%     49.99% |       13047      2.76%     52.75% |       14015      2.96%     55.71% |       13523      2.86%     58.57% |       13867      2.93%     61.50% |       13898      2.94%     64.44% |       13551      2.86%     67.30% |       15988      3.38%     70.68% |       13454      2.84%     73.52% |       13143      2.78%     76.30% |       13611      2.88%     79.18% |       13980      2.95%     82.13% |       13520      2.86%     84.99% |       13485      2.85%     87.84% |       13387      2.83%     90.67% |       13186      2.79%     93.46% |       14309      3.02%     96.48% |       16647      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       473116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.41%      7.41% |           2      7.41%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           0      0.00%     18.52% |           1      3.70%     22.22% |           3     11.11%     33.33% |           2      7.41%     40.74% |           4     14.81%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2      7.41%     62.96% |           2      7.41%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           2      7.41%     77.78% |           2      7.41%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           0      0.00%     85.19% |           2      7.41%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8013      3.66%      3.66% |        6787      3.10%      6.77% |        6821      3.12%      9.89% |        6784      3.10%     12.99% |        6777      3.10%     16.09% |        6788      3.10%     19.19% |        6777      3.10%     22.29% |        6783      3.10%     25.39% |        6803      3.11%     28.50% |        6808      3.11%     31.61% |        6834      3.12%     34.74% |        6810      3.11%     37.85% |        6795      3.11%     40.96% |        6806      3.11%     44.07% |        6789      3.10%     47.18% |        6778      3.10%     50.27% |        6828      3.12%     53.40% |        6807      3.11%     56.51% |        6813      3.12%     59.62% |        6813      3.12%     62.74% |        6805      3.11%     65.85% |        6838      3.13%     68.98% |        6814      3.12%     72.09% |        6775      3.10%     75.19% |        6800      3.11%     78.30% |        6794      3.11%     81.41% |        6787      3.10%     84.51% |        6762      3.09%     87.60% |        6777      3.10%     90.70% |        6763      3.09%     93.79% |        6782      3.10%     96.89% |        6795      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1828      3.41%      3.41% |        1720      3.21%      6.62% |        1750      3.26%      9.88% |        1693      3.16%     13.04% |        1690      3.15%     16.19% |        1682      3.14%     19.33% |        1689      3.15%     22.48% |        1673      3.12%     25.59% |        1681      3.13%     28.73% |        1720      3.21%     31.94% |        1710      3.19%     35.13% |        1663      3.10%     38.23% |        1706      3.18%     41.41% |        1712      3.19%     44.60% |        1727      3.22%     47.82% |        1665      3.10%     50.93% |        1667      3.11%     54.04% |        1658      3.09%     57.13% |        1646      3.07%     60.20% |        1635      3.05%     63.25% |        1635      3.05%     66.29% |        1653      3.08%     69.38% |        1636      3.05%     72.43% |        1624      3.03%     75.46% |        1657      3.09%     78.55% |        1686      3.14%     81.69% |        1675      3.12%     84.81% |        1631      3.04%     87.86% |        1645      3.07%     90.92% |        1631      3.04%     93.97% |        1629      3.04%     97.00% |        1607      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10957      3.58%      3.58% |        9557      3.12%      6.71% |        9619      3.14%      9.85% |        9525      3.11%     12.96% |        9515      3.11%     16.07% |        9518      3.11%     19.18% |        9514      3.11%     22.29% |        9504      3.11%     25.40% |        9532      3.12%     28.52% |        9576      3.13%     31.65% |        9591      3.14%     34.78% |        9520      3.11%     37.89% |        9548      3.12%     41.01% |        9565      3.13%     44.14% |        9563      3.13%     47.27% |        9490      3.10%     50.37% |        9542      3.12%     53.49% |        9513      3.11%     56.60% |        9507      3.11%     59.71% |        9496      3.10%     62.81% |        9488      3.10%     65.91% |        9540      3.12%     69.03% |        9498      3.10%     72.13% |        9446      3.09%     75.22% |        9505      3.11%     78.33% |        9529      3.11%     81.44% |        9511      3.11%     84.55% |        9439      3.09%     87.64% |        9469      3.10%     90.73% |        9442      3.09%     93.82% |        9460      3.09%     96.91% |        9451      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9933      3.64%      3.64% |        8533      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.15%      9.91% |        8501      3.11%     13.02% |        8491      3.11%     16.13% |        8494      3.11%     19.24% |        8490      3.11%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.45% |        8508      3.11%     28.56% |        8552      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.14%     34.83% |        8496      3.11%     37.94% |        8524      3.12%     41.06% |        8541      3.13%     44.19% |        8539      3.13%     47.31% |        8466      3.10%     50.41% |        8518      3.12%     53.53% |        8489      3.11%     56.64% |        8483      3.11%     59.74% |        8472      3.10%     62.85% |        8464      3.10%     65.94% |        8516      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8422      3.08%     75.25% |        8481      3.10%     78.35% |        8505      3.11%     81.47% |        8487      3.11%     84.57% |        8415      3.08%     87.65% |        8445      3.09%     90.75% |        8418      3.08%     93.83% |        8436      3.09%     96.92% |        8427      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6697      3.21%      3.21% |        6506      3.12%      6.33% |        6521      3.13%      9.46% |        6446      3.09%     12.56% |        6579      3.16%     15.71% |        6505      3.12%     18.83% |        6492      3.11%     21.95% |        6495      3.12%     25.07% |        6566      3.15%     28.22% |        6452      3.10%     31.31% |        6516      3.13%     34.44% |        6484      3.11%     37.55% |        6608      3.17%     40.72% |        6460      3.10%     43.82% |        6544      3.14%     46.96% |        6511      3.12%     50.08% |        6634      3.18%     53.27% |        6438      3.09%     56.36% |        6479      3.11%     59.46% |        6479      3.11%     62.57% |        6602      3.17%     65.74% |        6459      3.10%     68.84% |        6432      3.09%     71.93% |        6466      3.10%     75.03% |        6628      3.18%     78.21% |        6460      3.10%     81.31% |        6435      3.09%     84.40% |        6426      3.08%     87.48% |        6641      3.19%     90.67% |        6498      3.12%     93.78% |        6506      3.12%     96.91% |        6449      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       208414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         842      3.15%      3.15% |         826      3.09%      6.24% |         839      3.14%      9.38% |         848      3.17%     12.55% |         852      3.19%     15.74% |         851      3.18%     18.92% |         832      3.11%     22.03% |         852      3.19%     25.22% |         847      3.17%     28.39% |         817      3.06%     31.44% |         846      3.16%     34.61% |         834      3.12%     37.73% |         835      3.12%     40.85% |         828      3.10%     43.95% |         832      3.11%     47.06% |         820      3.07%     50.13% |         834      3.12%     53.25% |         838      3.13%     56.38% |         834      3.12%     59.50% |         840      3.14%     62.65% |         829      3.10%     65.75% |         801      3.00%     68.74% |         832      3.11%     71.86% |         820      3.07%     74.92% |         813      3.04%     77.96% |         837      3.13%     81.09% |         830      3.10%     84.20% |         826      3.09%     87.29% |         859      3.21%     90.50% |         844      3.16%     93.66% |         853      3.19%     96.85% |         842      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        26733                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         797      3.11%      3.11% |         798      3.11%      6.22% |         809      3.15%      9.37% |         809      3.15%     12.52% |         811      3.16%     15.69% |         807      3.15%     18.83% |         811      3.16%     21.99% |         817      3.18%     25.18% |         806      3.14%     28.32% |         815      3.18%     31.50% |         805      3.14%     34.63% |         803      3.13%     37.76% |         801      3.12%     40.89% |         806      3.14%     44.03% |         806      3.14%     47.17% |         810      3.16%     50.33% |         811      3.16%     53.49% |         806      3.14%     56.63% |         808      3.15%     59.78% |         800      3.12%     62.90% |         795      3.10%     66.00% |         802      3.13%     69.12% |         798      3.11%     72.23% |         791      3.08%     75.32% |         801      3.12%     78.44% |         786      3.06%     81.50% |         794      3.10%     84.60% |         785      3.06%     87.66% |         787      3.07%     90.73% |         789      3.08%     93.80% |         794      3.10%     96.90% |         796      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        25654                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         502      3.36%      3.36% |         455      3.05%      6.41% |         456      3.05%      9.46% |         444      2.97%     12.43% |         459      3.07%     15.50% |         468      3.13%     18.63% |         460      3.08%     21.71% |         460      3.08%     24.79% |         465      3.11%     27.90% |         473      3.17%     31.07% |         488      3.27%     34.34% |         476      3.19%     37.52% |         492      3.29%     40.81% |         495      3.31%     44.13% |         499      3.34%     47.47% |         481      3.22%     50.69% |         483      3.23%     53.92% |         471      3.15%     57.07% |         467      3.13%     60.20% |         446      2.99%     63.18% |         441      2.95%     66.13% |         468      3.13%     69.27% |         445      2.98%     72.24% |         442      2.96%     75.20% |         473      3.17%     78.37% |         475      3.18%     81.55% |         483      3.23%     84.78% |         453      3.03%     87.81% |         450      3.01%     90.82% |         454      3.04%     93.86% |         463      3.10%     96.96% |         454      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7468      3.19%      3.19% |        7302      3.12%      6.30% |        7331      3.13%      9.43% |        7267      3.10%     12.53% |        7411      3.16%     15.70% |        7336      3.13%     18.83% |        7303      3.12%     21.94% |        7323      3.13%     25.07% |        7393      3.16%     28.23% |        7242      3.09%     31.32% |        7336      3.13%     34.45% |        7294      3.11%     37.56% |        7418      3.17%     40.73% |        7257      3.10%     43.82% |        7344      3.13%     46.96% |        7300      3.12%     50.07% |        7447      3.18%     53.25% |        7251      3.09%     56.35% |        7288      3.11%     59.46% |        7293      3.11%     62.57% |        7406      3.16%     65.73% |        7230      3.09%     68.82% |        7238      3.09%     71.91% |        7260      3.10%     75.00% |        7422      3.17%     78.17% |        7271      3.10%     81.28% |        7241      3.09%     84.37% |        7225      3.08%     87.45% |        7478      3.19%     90.64% |        7319      3.12%     93.76% |        7335      3.13%     96.90% |        7275      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       234304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59254      5.97%      5.97% |       31044      3.13%      9.10% |       29679      2.99%     12.09% |       30579      3.08%     15.17% |       30107      3.03%     18.21% |       29477      2.97%     21.18% |       29104      2.93%     24.11% |       29088      2.93%     27.04% |       29633      2.99%     30.03% |       29829      3.01%     33.04% |       31656      3.19%     36.23% |       31925      3.22%     39.45% |       30331      3.06%     42.50% |       29603      2.98%     45.49% |       28795      2.90%     48.39% |       29238      2.95%     51.34% |       30462      3.07%     54.41% |       29639      2.99%     57.39% |       29995      3.02%     60.42% |       30058      3.03%     63.45% |       30012      3.02%     66.47% |       32073      3.23%     69.70% |       29567      2.98%     72.68% |       29227      2.95%     75.63% |       30062      3.03%     78.66% |       30089      3.03%     81.69% |       29624      2.99%     84.68% |       29544      2.98%     87.66% |       29873      3.01%     90.67% |       29372      2.96%     93.63% |       30442      3.07%     96.69% |       32792      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       992173                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         411      3.29%      3.29% |         374      2.99%      6.28% |         379      3.03%      9.32% |         373      2.99%     12.30% |         384      3.07%     15.37% |         380      3.04%     18.42% |         380      3.04%     21.46% |         384      3.07%     24.53% |         388      3.11%     27.64% |         399      3.19%     30.83% |         405      3.24%     34.07% |         396      3.17%     37.24% |         414      3.31%     40.55% |         414      3.31%     43.87% |         418      3.35%     47.21% |         406      3.25%     50.46% |         409      3.27%     53.73% |         397      3.18%     56.91% |         390      3.12%     60.03% |         370      2.96%     62.99% |         359      2.87%     65.87% |         387      3.10%     68.96% |         373      2.99%     71.95% |         371      2.97%     74.92% |         400      3.20%     78.12% |         404      3.23%     81.35% |         414      3.31%     84.67% |         385      3.08%     87.75% |         385      3.08%     90.83% |         381      3.05%     93.88% |         393      3.15%     97.02% |         372      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5273      4.13%      4.13% |        4012      3.14%      7.27% |        4067      3.18%     10.45% |        3976      3.11%     13.56% |        3973      3.11%     16.67% |        3964      3.10%     19.78% |        3972      3.11%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3966      3.10%     29.09% |        3995      3.13%     32.22% |        4016      3.14%     35.36% |        3930      3.08%     38.44% |        3950      3.09%     41.53% |        3969      3.11%     44.64% |        3969      3.11%     47.75% |        3921      3.07%     50.82% |        3956      3.10%     53.91% |        3936      3.08%     56.99% |        3937      3.08%     60.08% |        3947      3.09%     63.17% |        3949      3.09%     66.26% |        3956      3.10%     69.35% |        3953      3.09%     72.45% |        3905      3.06%     75.51% |        3931      3.08%     78.58% |        3947      3.09%     81.67% |        3915      3.06%     84.74% |        3888      3.04%     87.78% |        3914      3.06%     90.84% |        3889      3.04%     93.89% |        3886      3.04%     96.93% |        3921      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127745                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.12%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5170      3.12%     34.39% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5184      3.13%     40.65% |        5182      3.13%     43.78% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.02% |        5177      3.12%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.27% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.65% |        5197      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5182      3.13%     84.40% |        5167      3.12%     87.52% |        5170      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5181      3.13%     96.89% |        5158      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3089      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4723      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.21% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2698      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2581      3.13%      3.13% |        2534      3.08%      6.21% |        2593      3.15%      9.36% |        2621      3.18%     12.54% |        2637      3.20%     15.74% |        2656      3.22%     18.96% |        2669      3.24%     22.20% |        2572      3.12%     25.32% |        2592      3.15%     28.47% |        2578      3.13%     31.60% |        2626      3.19%     34.79% |        2528      3.07%     37.86% |        2566      3.11%     40.97% |        2559      3.11%     44.08% |        2651      3.22%     47.29% |        2578      3.13%     50.42% |        2596      3.15%     53.57% |        2531      3.07%     56.65% |        2622      3.18%     59.83% |        2521      3.06%     62.89% |        2565      3.11%     66.00% |        2501      3.04%     69.04% |        2567      3.12%     72.15% |        2509      3.05%     75.20% |        2592      3.15%     78.35% |        2524      3.06%     81.41% |        2593      3.15%     84.56% |        2533      3.07%     87.63% |        2584      3.14%     90.77% |        2539      3.08%     93.85% |        2533      3.07%     96.92% |        2534      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        82385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         690      3.22%      3.22% |         660      3.08%      6.30% |         665      3.10%      9.40% |         656      3.06%     12.46% |         684      3.19%     15.66% |         683      3.19%     18.84% |         637      2.97%     21.82% |         666      3.11%     24.92% |         685      3.20%     28.12% |         675      3.15%     31.27% |         640      2.99%     34.26% |         668      3.12%     37.37% |         694      3.24%     40.61% |         679      3.17%     43.78% |         669      3.12%     46.90% |         645      3.01%     49.91% |         679      3.17%     53.08% |         683      3.19%     56.27% |         676      3.15%     59.42% |         654      3.05%     62.47% |         660      3.08%     65.55% |         689      3.22%     68.77% |         661      3.08%     71.85% |         663      3.09%     74.95% |         670      3.13%     78.07% |         662      3.09%     81.16% |         670      3.13%     84.29% |         675      3.15%     87.44% |         678      3.16%     90.60% |         659      3.08%     93.68% |         688      3.21%     96.89% |         667      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        21430                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6876      3.18%      3.18% |        6750      3.12%      6.31% |        6766      3.13%      9.44% |        6693      3.10%     12.53% |        6819      3.16%     15.69% |        6745      3.12%     18.81% |        6762      3.13%     21.94% |        6739      3.12%     25.06% |        6795      3.14%     28.20% |        6684      3.09%     31.29% |        6783      3.14%     34.43% |        6721      3.11%     37.54% |        6820      3.16%     40.70% |        6688      3.09%     43.79% |        6777      3.14%     46.93% |        6762      3.13%     50.06% |        6873      3.18%     53.24% |        6666      3.08%     56.32% |        6731      3.11%     59.44% |        6744      3.12%     62.56% |        6846      3.17%     65.73% |        6672      3.09%     68.82% |        6687      3.09%     71.91% |        6714      3.11%     75.02% |        6869      3.18%     78.19% |        6708      3.10%     81.30% |        6678      3.09%     84.39% |        6663      3.08%     87.47% |        6891      3.19%     90.66% |        6746      3.12%     93.78% |        6729      3.11%     96.90% |        6707      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       216104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           2     14.29%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         423      2.97%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         442      3.10%     15.37% |         439      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.07%     21.52% |         442      3.10%     24.62% |         445      3.12%     27.74% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.07% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.57% |         472      3.31%     43.88% |         475      3.33%     47.21% |         460      3.23%     50.44% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.86% |         448      3.14%     60.00% |         424      2.97%     62.97% |         417      2.92%     65.90% |         438      3.07%     68.97% |         427      2.99%     71.96% |         426      2.99%     74.95% |         458      3.21%     78.16% |         459      3.22%     81.38% |         468      3.28%     84.66% |         439      3.08%     87.74% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.87% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29079     21.42%     21.42% |        4172      3.07%     24.50% |        3097      2.28%     26.78% |        3926      2.89%     29.67% |        3254      2.40%     32.07% |        2996      2.21%     34.27% |        2774      2.04%     36.32% |        2792      2.06%     38.37% |        2839      2.09%     40.47% |        3388      2.50%     42.96% |        5147      3.79%     46.75% |        4973      3.66%     50.42% |        3631      2.67%     53.09% |        3330      2.45%     55.55% |        2525      1.86%     57.41% |        2886      2.13%     59.53% |        3709      2.73%     62.26% |        3286      2.42%     64.69% |        3445      2.54%     67.22% |        3401      2.51%     69.73% |        3248      2.39%     72.12% |        4629      3.41%     75.53% |        3091      2.28%     77.81% |        2864      2.11%     79.92% |        3031      2.23%     82.15% |        3532      2.60%     84.75% |        3078      2.27%     87.02% |        2698      1.99%     89.01% |        3021      2.23%     91.23% |        2774      2.04%     93.28% |        3325      2.45%     95.73% |        5799      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3512      6.32%      6.32% |        1854      3.34%      9.66% |        1545      2.78%     12.44% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1640      2.95%     18.49% |        1531      2.76%     21.25% |        1373      2.47%     23.72% |        1413      2.54%     26.26% |        1548      2.79%     29.05% |        1523      2.74%     31.79% |        1511      2.72%     34.51% |        2033      3.66%     38.17% |        1460      2.63%     40.80% |        1377      2.48%     43.28% |        1353      2.44%     45.71% |        1443      2.60%     48.31% |        1526      2.75%     51.06% |        1480      2.66%     53.72% |        1656      2.98%     56.70% |        1731      3.12%     59.82% |        1538      2.77%     62.59% |        2585      4.65%     67.24% |        1601      2.88%     70.12% |        1564      2.82%     72.94% |        1822      3.28%     76.22% |        1681      3.03%     79.24% |        1701      3.06%     82.31% |        2089      3.76%     86.07% |        1626      2.93%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2134      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8006      3.66%      3.66% |        6778      3.10%      6.77% |        6804      3.11%      9.88% |        6781      3.10%     12.98% |        6775      3.10%     16.08% |        6780      3.10%     19.18% |        6774      3.10%     22.28% |        6780      3.10%     25.39% |        6799      3.11%     28.50% |        6800      3.11%     31.61% |        6813      3.12%     34.73% |        6804      3.11%     37.84% |        6788      3.11%     40.95% |        6803      3.11%     44.06% |        6785      3.10%     47.17% |        6775      3.10%     50.27% |        6823      3.12%     53.39% |        6805      3.11%     56.50% |        6809      3.12%     59.62% |        6810      3.12%     62.73% |        6799      3.11%     65.84% |        6830      3.13%     68.97% |        6810      3.12%     72.09% |        6773      3.10%     75.19% |        6793      3.11%     78.29% |        6792      3.11%     81.40% |        6783      3.10%     84.51% |        6759      3.09%     87.60% |        6770      3.10%     90.70% |        6759      3.09%     93.79% |        6779      3.10%     96.89% |        6791      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       218530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1318      3.46%      3.46% |        1244      3.27%      6.73% |        1282      3.37%     10.10% |        1225      3.22%     13.31% |        1213      3.19%     16.50% |        1202      3.16%     19.66% |        1211      3.18%     22.84% |        1192      3.13%     25.97% |        1200      3.15%     29.12% |        1228      3.23%     32.35% |        1217      3.20%     35.54% |        1169      3.07%     38.61% |        1196      3.14%     41.76% |        1189      3.12%     44.88% |        1200      3.15%     48.03% |        1156      3.04%     51.07% |        1168      3.07%     54.13% |        1164      3.06%     57.19% |        1158      3.04%     60.23% |        1166      3.06%     63.30% |        1175      3.09%     66.38% |        1163      3.05%     69.44% |        1169      3.07%     72.51% |        1158      3.04%     75.55% |        1172      3.08%     78.63% |        1187      3.12%     81.75% |        1172      3.08%     84.82% |        1154      3.03%     87.85% |        1180      3.10%     90.95% |        1158      3.04%     94.00% |        1145      3.01%     97.00% |        1141      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38072                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7468      3.19%      3.19% |        7302      3.12%      6.30% |        7331      3.13%      9.43% |        7267      3.10%     12.53% |        7411      3.16%     15.70% |        7336      3.13%     18.83% |        7303      3.12%     21.94% |        7323      3.13%     25.07% |        7393      3.16%     28.23% |        7242      3.09%     31.32% |        7336      3.13%     34.45% |        7294      3.11%     37.56% |        7418      3.17%     40.73% |        7257      3.10%     43.82% |        7344      3.13%     46.96% |        7300      3.12%     50.07% |        7447      3.18%     53.25% |        7251      3.09%     56.35% |        7288      3.11%     59.46% |        7293      3.11%     62.57% |        7406      3.16%     65.73% |        7230      3.09%     68.82% |        7238      3.09%     71.91% |        7260      3.10%     75.00% |        7422      3.17%     78.17% |        7271      3.10%     81.28% |        7241      3.09%     84.37% |        7225      3.08%     87.45% |        7478      3.19%     90.64% |        7319      3.12%     93.76% |        7335      3.13%     96.90% |        7275      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       234304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8705      3.17%      3.17% |        8588      3.12%      6.29% |        8521      3.10%      9.39% |        8568      3.12%     12.50% |        8730      3.17%     15.68% |        8533      3.10%     18.78% |        8581      3.12%     21.90% |        8502      3.09%     24.99% |        8770      3.19%     28.18% |        8558      3.11%     31.29% |        8538      3.10%     34.40% |        8561      3.11%     37.51% |        8746      3.18%     40.69% |        8549      3.11%     43.80% |        8486      3.09%     46.89% |        8586      3.12%     50.01% |        8707      3.17%     53.17% |        8565      3.11%     56.29% |        8538      3.10%     59.39% |        8563      3.11%     62.51% |        8749      3.18%     65.69% |        8534      3.10%     68.79% |        8570      3.12%     71.91% |        8522      3.10%     75.01% |        8739      3.18%     78.19% |        8538      3.10%     81.29% |        8564      3.11%     84.41% |        8535      3.10%     87.51% |        8719      3.17%     90.68% |        8570      3.12%     93.80% |        8498      3.09%     96.89% |        8563      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       274996                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42710      9.03%      9.03% |       14842      3.14%     12.17% |       13513      2.86%     15.02% |       14442      3.05%     18.07% |       13668      2.89%     20.96% |       13297      2.81%     23.77% |       12920      2.73%     26.51% |       12962      2.74%     29.25% |       13171      2.78%     32.03% |       13725      2.90%     34.93% |       15474      3.27%     38.20% |       15767      3.33%     41.53% |       13865      2.93%     44.46% |       13486      2.85%     47.32% |       12653      2.67%     49.99% |       13044      2.76%     52.75% |       14011      2.96%     55.71% |       13523      2.86%     58.57% |       13867      2.93%     61.50% |       13897      2.94%     64.44% |       13548      2.86%     67.30% |       15988      3.38%     70.68% |       13454      2.84%     73.52% |       13143      2.78%     76.30% |       13607      2.88%     79.18% |       13980      2.96%     82.13% |       13520      2.86%     84.99% |       13485      2.85%     87.84% |       13383      2.83%     90.67% |       13185      2.79%     93.46% |       14308      3.02%     96.48% |       16647      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       473085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      5.45%      5.45% |           7      6.36%     11.82% |           6      5.45%     17.27% |           2      1.82%     19.09% |           2      1.82%     20.91% |           5      4.55%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           0      0.00%     25.45% |           2      1.82%     27.27% |           5      4.55%     31.82% |           3      2.73%     34.55% |           5      4.55%     39.09% |           5      4.55%     43.64% |           1      0.91%     44.55% |           1      0.91%     45.45% |           1      0.91%     46.36% |           3      2.73%     49.09% |           1      0.91%     50.00% |           3      2.73%     52.73% |           2      1.82%     54.55% |           5      4.55%     59.09% |           7      6.36%     65.45% |           4      3.64%     69.09% |           2      1.82%     70.91% |           7      6.36%     77.27% |           2      1.82%     79.09% |           4      3.64%     82.73% |           3      2.73%     85.45% |           6      5.45%     90.91% |           3      2.73%     93.64% |           3      2.73%     96.36% |           4      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          43      3.34%      3.34% |          45      3.49%      6.83% |          45      3.49%     10.32% |          39      3.03%     13.34% |          35      2.72%     16.06% |          41      3.18%     19.24% |          40      3.10%     22.34% |          39      3.03%     25.37% |          36      2.79%     28.16% |          39      3.03%     31.19% |          43      3.34%     34.52% |          39      3.03%     37.55% |          37      2.87%     40.42% |          51      3.96%     44.38% |          52      4.03%     48.41% |          49      3.80%     52.21% |          36      2.79%     55.00% |          41      3.18%     58.18% |          40      3.10%     61.29% |          45      3.49%     64.78% |          43      3.34%     68.11% |          52      4.03%     72.15% |          40      3.10%     75.25% |          40      3.10%     78.36% |          27      2.09%     80.45% |          40      3.10%     83.55% |          35      2.72%     86.27% |          38      2.95%     89.22% |          28      2.17%     91.39% |          36      2.79%     94.18% |          37      2.87%     97.05% |          38      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9933      3.64%      3.64% |        8533      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.15%      9.91% |        8501      3.11%     13.02% |        8491      3.11%     16.13% |        8494      3.11%     19.24% |        8490      3.11%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.45% |        8508      3.11%     28.56% |        8552      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.14%     34.83% |        8496      3.11%     37.94% |        8524      3.12%     41.06% |        8541      3.13%     44.19% |        8539      3.13%     47.31% |        8466      3.10%     50.41% |        8518      3.12%     53.53% |        8489      3.11%     56.64% |        8483      3.11%     59.74% |        8472      3.10%     62.85% |        8464      3.10%     65.94% |        8516      3.12%     69.06% |        8474      3.10%     72.16% |        8422      3.08%     75.25% |        8481      3.10%     78.35% |        8505      3.11%     81.47% |        8487      3.11%     84.57% |        8415      3.08%     87.65% |        8445      3.09%     90.75% |        8418      3.08%     93.83% |        8436      3.09%     96.92% |        8427      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     46.77%     46.77% |           5      4.03%     50.81% |           4      3.23%     54.03% |           2      1.61%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           3      2.42%     58.06% |           2      1.61%     59.68% |           3      2.42%     62.10% |           4      3.23%     65.32% |           0      0.00%     65.32% |           0      0.00%     65.32% |           0      0.00%     65.32% |           2      1.61%     66.94% |           1      0.81%     67.74% |           2      1.61%     69.35% |           1      0.81%     70.16% |           4      3.23%     73.39% |           3      2.42%     75.81% |           3      2.42%     78.23% |           1      0.81%     79.03% |           6      4.84%     83.87% |           1      0.81%     84.68% |           2      1.61%     86.29% |           3      2.42%     88.71% |           6      4.84%     93.55% |           3      2.42%     95.97% |           3      2.42%     98.39% |           2      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      9.52%      9.52% |           2      4.76%     14.29% |           2      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           5     11.90%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2      4.76%     40.48% |           2      4.76%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           2      4.76%     52.38% |           1      2.38%     54.76% |           1      2.38%     57.14% |           1      2.38%     59.52% |           1      2.38%     61.90% |           1      2.38%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      2.38%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           4      9.52%     80.95% |           1      2.38%     83.33% |           1      2.38%     85.71% |           1      2.38%     88.10% |           1      2.38%     90.48% |           2      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           0      0.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          13      1.81%      1.81% |          25      3.48%      5.29% |          25      3.48%      8.76% |          25      3.48%     12.24% |          20      2.78%     15.02% |          20      2.78%     17.80% |          21      2.92%     20.72% |          24      3.34%     24.06% |          20      2.78%     26.84% |          24      3.34%     30.18% |          24      3.34%     33.52% |          21      2.92%     36.44% |          21      2.92%     39.36% |          31      4.31%     43.67% |          32      4.45%     48.12% |          31      4.31%     52.43% |          19      2.64%     55.08% |          24      3.34%     58.41% |          23      3.20%     61.61% |          25      3.48%     65.09% |          21      2.92%     68.01% |          27      3.76%     71.77% |          23      3.20%     74.97% |          25      3.48%     78.44% |          13      1.81%     80.25% |          25      3.48%     83.73% |          22      3.06%     86.79% |          24      3.34%     90.13% |          16      2.23%     92.35% |          20      2.78%     95.13% |          21      2.92%     98.05% |          14      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          30      5.26%      5.26% |          20      3.51%      8.77% |          20      3.51%     12.28% |          14      2.46%     14.74% |          15      2.63%     17.37% |          21      3.68%     21.05% |          19      3.33%     24.39% |          15      2.63%     27.02% |          16      2.81%     29.82% |          15      2.63%     32.46% |          19      3.33%     35.79% |          18      3.16%     38.95% |          16      2.81%     41.75% |          20      3.51%     45.26% |          20      3.51%     48.77% |          18      3.16%     51.93% |          17      2.98%     54.91% |          17      2.98%     57.89% |          17      2.98%     60.88% |          20      3.51%     64.39% |          22      3.86%     68.25% |          25      4.39%     72.63% |          17      2.98%     75.61% |          15      2.63%     78.25% |          14      2.46%     80.70% |          15      2.63%     83.33% |          13      2.28%     85.61% |          14      2.46%     88.07% |          12      2.11%     90.18% |          16      2.81%     92.98% |          16      2.81%     95.79% |          24      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         797      3.15%      3.15% |         798      3.16%      6.31% |         676      2.67%      8.98% |         808      3.19%     12.17% |         811      3.21%     15.38% |         807      3.19%     18.57% |         809      3.20%     21.77% |         814      3.22%     24.99% |         804      3.18%     28.17% |         813      3.21%     31.38% |         603      2.38%     33.76% |         802      3.17%     36.94% |         799      3.16%     40.09% |         804      3.18%     43.27% |         804      3.18%     46.45% |         808      3.19%     49.65% |         809      3.20%     52.84% |         805      3.18%     56.03% |         807      3.19%     59.22% |         799      3.16%     62.38% |         794      3.14%     65.52% |         802      3.17%     68.69% |         798      3.16%     71.84% |         791      3.13%     74.97% |         801      3.17%     78.14% |         786      3.11%     81.24% |         794      3.14%     84.38% |         785      3.10%     87.49% |         787      3.11%     90.60% |         788      3.12%     93.71% |         794      3.14%     96.85% |         796      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        25293                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.27%      3.27% |         431      3.02%      6.30% |         423      2.97%      9.26% |         429      3.01%     12.27% |         442      3.10%     15.37% |         439      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.07%     21.52% |         442      3.10%     24.62% |         445      3.12%     27.74% |         453      3.18%     30.91% |         450      3.16%     34.07% |         455      3.19%     37.26% |         473      3.32%     40.57% |         472      3.31%     43.88% |         475      3.33%     47.21% |         460      3.23%     50.44% |         463      3.25%     53.68% |         453      3.18%     56.86% |         448      3.14%     60.00% |         424      2.97%     62.97% |         417      2.92%     65.90% |         438      3.07%     68.97% |         427      2.99%     71.96% |         426      2.99%     74.95% |         458      3.21%     78.16% |         459      3.22%     81.38% |         468      3.28%     84.66% |         439      3.08%     87.74% |         437      3.06%     90.80% |         437      3.06%     93.87% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         428      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14263                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         133     36.84%     36.84% |           1      0.28%     37.12% |           0      0.00%     37.12% |           0      0.00%     37.12% |           2      0.55%     37.67% |           3      0.83%     38.50% |           2      0.55%     39.06% |           2      0.55%     39.61% |         202     55.96%     95.57% |           1      0.28%     95.84% |           2      0.55%     96.40% |           2      0.55%     96.95% |           2      0.55%     97.51% |           2      0.55%     98.06% |           2      0.55%     98.61% |           1      0.28%     98.89% |           1      0.28%     99.17% |           1      0.28%     99.45% |           1      0.28%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           1      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.52%      1.52% |           2      3.03%      4.55% |          11     16.67%     21.21% |           1      1.52%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           3      4.55%     27.27% |           3      4.55%     31.82% |           3      4.55%     36.36% |           2      3.03%     39.39% |           3      4.55%     43.94% |          18     27.27%     71.21% |           1      1.52%     72.73% |           2      3.03%     75.76% |           2      3.03%     78.79% |           3      4.55%     83.33% |           2      3.03%     86.36% |           2      3.03%     89.39% |           1      1.52%     90.91% |           1      1.52%     92.42% |           1      1.52%     93.94% |           1      1.52%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         154      3.03%      3.03% |         163      3.20%      6.23% |         155      3.05%      9.28% |         139      2.73%     12.01% |         151      2.97%     14.98% |         149      2.93%     17.91% |         157      3.09%     20.99% |         144      2.83%     23.83% |         148      2.91%     26.73% |         176      3.46%     30.19% |         149      2.93%     33.12% |         155      3.05%     36.17% |         154      3.03%     39.20% |         171      3.36%     42.56% |         160      3.15%     45.70% |         168      3.30%     49.01% |         165      3.24%     52.25% |         157      3.09%     55.34% |         168      3.30%     58.64% |         161      3.16%     61.80% |         158      3.11%     64.91% |         189      3.72%     68.63% |         168      3.30%     71.93% |         175      3.44%     75.37% |         174      3.42%     78.79% |         157      3.09%     81.88% |         164      3.22%     85.10% |         171      3.36%     88.46% |         146      2.87%     91.33% |         144      2.83%     94.16% |         140      2.75%     96.91% |         157      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         5087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5119      4.17%      4.17% |        3849      3.14%      7.31% |        3912      3.19%     10.50% |        3837      3.13%     13.63% |        3822      3.12%     16.74% |        3815      3.11%     19.86% |        3815      3.11%     22.97% |        3818      3.11%     26.08% |        3818      3.11%     29.19% |        3819      3.11%     32.30% |        3867      3.15%     35.46% |        3775      3.08%     38.53% |        3796      3.09%     41.63% |        3798      3.10%     44.73% |        3809      3.11%     47.83% |        3753      3.06%     50.89% |        3791      3.09%     53.98% |        3779      3.08%     57.06% |        3769      3.07%     60.14% |        3786      3.09%     63.22% |        3791      3.09%     66.31% |        3767      3.07%     69.38% |        3785      3.09%     72.47% |        3730      3.04%     75.51% |        3757      3.06%     78.57% |        3790      3.09%     81.66% |        3751      3.06%     84.72% |        3717      3.03%     87.75% |        3768      3.07%     90.82% |        3745      3.05%     93.88% |        3746      3.05%     96.93% |        3764      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       122658                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         565      3.21%      3.21% |         537      3.05%      6.27% |         534      3.04%      9.31% |         512      2.91%     12.22% |         535      3.04%     15.26% |         529      3.01%     18.27% |         537      3.05%     21.32% |         528      3.00%     24.33% |         536      3.05%     27.38% |         575      3.27%     30.65% |         554      3.15%     33.80% |         551      3.13%     36.93% |         568      3.23%     40.16% |         585      3.33%     43.49% |         578      3.29%     46.78% |         574      3.26%     50.04% |         574      3.26%     53.31% |         554      3.15%     56.46% |         558      3.17%     59.63% |         531      3.02%     62.65% |         517      2.94%     65.59% |         576      3.28%     68.87% |         541      3.08%     71.95% |         546      3.11%     75.05% |         574      3.26%     78.32% |         561      3.19%     81.51% |         578      3.29%     84.80% |         555      3.16%     87.95% |         531      3.02%     90.97% |         525      2.99%     93.96% |         533      3.03%     96.99% |         529      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        17581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.43% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5158      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5162      3.12%     21.90% |        5158      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.13%     28.14% |        5182      3.13%     31.27% |        5170      3.12%     34.39% |        5194      3.13%     37.52% |        5184      3.13%     40.65% |        5182      3.13%     43.78% |        5176      3.12%     46.90% |        5163      3.12%     50.02% |        5177      3.12%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.27% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5179      3.13%     62.52% |        5180      3.13%     65.65% |        5197      3.14%     68.78% |        5172      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.15% |        5178      3.13%     81.27% |        5182      3.13%     84.40% |        5167      3.12%     87.52% |        5170      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5181      3.13%     96.89% |        5158      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          68      3.33%      3.33% |          61      2.99%      6.32% |          63      3.09%      9.40% |          51      2.50%     11.90% |          60      2.94%     14.84% |          66      3.23%     18.07% |          56      2.74%     20.81% |          61      2.99%     23.80% |          68      3.33%     27.13% |          67      3.28%     30.41% |          71      3.48%     33.89% |          56      2.74%     36.63% |          46      2.25%     38.88% |          70      3.43%     42.31% |          69      3.38%     45.69% |          54      2.64%     48.33% |          67      3.28%     51.62% |          61      2.99%     54.60% |          70      3.43%     58.03% |          66      3.23%     61.26% |          59      2.89%     64.15% |          62      3.04%     67.19% |          78      3.82%     71.01% |          68      3.33%     74.34% |          62      3.04%     77.38% |          70      3.43%     80.80% |          62      3.04%     83.84% |          76      3.72%     87.56% |          71      3.48%     91.04% |          59      2.89%     93.93% |          64      3.13%     97.06% |          60      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         110      2.70%      2.70% |         114      2.80%      5.50% |         108      2.65%      8.15% |         143      3.51%     11.66% |         123      3.02%     14.68% |         111      2.72%     17.40% |          90      2.21%     19.61% |          99      2.43%     22.04% |         125      3.07%     25.11% |         133      3.26%     28.38% |         125      3.07%     31.44% |         148      3.63%     35.08% |         147      3.61%     38.68% |         137      3.36%     42.05% |         120      2.95%     44.99% |         132      3.24%     48.23% |         106      2.60%     50.83% |         111      2.72%     53.56% |         123      3.02%     56.58% |         141      3.46%     60.04% |         133      3.26%     63.30% |         133      3.26%     66.57% |         145      3.56%     70.13% |         145      3.56%     73.69% |         159      3.90%     77.59% |         148      3.63%     81.22% |         138      3.39%     84.61% |         143      3.51%     88.12% |         128      3.14%     91.26% |         124      3.04%     94.31% |         107      2.63%     96.93% |         125      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         4074                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         163      2.66%      2.66% |         150      2.45%      5.12% |         166      2.71%      7.83% |         184      3.01%     10.84% |         155      2.53%     13.37% |         172      2.81%     16.18% |         153      2.50%     18.68% |         189      3.09%     21.77% |         219      3.58%     25.35% |         180      2.94%     28.29% |         184      3.01%     31.30% |         207      3.38%     34.68% |         203      3.32%     38.00% |         196      3.20%     41.20% |         212      3.46%     44.66% |         142      2.32%     46.98% |         178      2.91%     49.89% |         195      3.19%     53.08% |         205      3.35%     56.43% |         190      3.11%     59.54% |         219      3.58%     63.11% |         216      3.53%     66.64% |         207      3.38%     70.03% |         225      3.68%     73.70% |         242      3.95%     77.66% |         237      3.87%     81.53% |         231      3.78%     85.31% |         215      3.51%     88.82% |         182      2.97%     91.80% |         180      2.94%     94.74% |         160      2.61%     97.35% |         162      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         6119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7566      3.19%      3.19% |        7410      3.12%      6.30% |        7431      3.13%      9.43% |        7349      3.09%     12.53% |        7503      3.16%     15.69% |        7428      3.13%     18.81% |        7399      3.11%     21.93% |        7405      3.12%     25.05% |        7480      3.15%     28.19% |        7359      3.10%     31.29% |        7423      3.13%     34.42% |        7389      3.11%     37.53% |        7514      3.16%     40.69% |        7367      3.10%     43.79% |        7446      3.13%     46.93% |        7407      3.12%     50.05% |        7552      3.18%     53.23% |        7349      3.09%     56.32% |        7407      3.12%     59.44% |        7398      3.11%     62.55% |        7506      3.16%     65.71% |        7361      3.10%     68.81% |        7348      3.09%     71.90% |        7377      3.11%     75.01% |        7539      3.17%     78.18% |        7370      3.10%     81.29% |        7348      3.09%     84.38% |        7338      3.09%     87.47% |        7569      3.19%     90.66% |        7405      3.12%     93.77% |        7417      3.12%     96.90% |        7374      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       237534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         176      2.91%      2.91% |         171      2.83%      5.74% |         181      2.99%      8.73% |         203      3.36%     12.08% |         185      3.06%     15.14% |         180      2.98%     18.12% |         181      2.99%     21.11% |         183      3.03%     24.14% |         191      3.16%     27.29% |         184      3.04%     30.34% |         210      3.47%     33.81% |         203      3.36%     37.16% |         196      3.24%     40.40% |         171      2.83%     43.23% |         186      3.07%     46.31% |         183      3.03%     49.33% |         174      2.88%     52.21% |         169      2.79%     55.00% |         186      3.07%     58.08% |         190      3.14%     61.22% |         202      3.34%     64.56% |         183      3.03%     67.58% |         200      3.31%     70.89% |         205      3.39%     74.28% |         220      3.64%     77.91% |         225      3.72%     81.63% |         182      3.01%     84.64% |         184      3.04%     87.68% |         190      3.14%     90.82% |         200      3.31%     94.13% |         175      2.89%     97.02% |         180      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         6049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          94      2.52%      2.52% |          91      2.44%      4.96% |          91      2.44%      7.40% |         121      3.24%     10.64% |          95      2.55%     13.18% |         138      3.70%     16.88% |         106      2.84%     19.72% |          79      2.12%     21.84% |         135      3.62%     25.46% |         110      2.95%     28.40% |         104      2.79%     31.19% |         117      3.14%     34.32% |         125      3.35%     37.67% |         114      3.05%     40.73% |         128      3.43%     44.16% |         104      2.79%     46.95% |         113      3.03%     49.97% |         114      3.05%     53.03% |         122      3.27%     56.30% |         143      3.83%     60.13% |         136      3.64%     63.77% |         120      3.22%     66.99% |         121      3.24%     70.23% |         139      3.72%     73.95% |         135      3.62%     77.57% |         117      3.14%     80.71% |         145      3.89%     84.59% |         127      3.40%     88.00% |         131      3.51%     91.51% |         116      3.11%     94.61% |          96      2.57%     97.19% |         105      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3732                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51688      6.85%      6.85% |       23634      3.13%      9.98% |       22248      2.95%     12.93% |       23230      3.08%     16.01% |       22604      3.00%     19.00% |       22049      2.92%     21.92% |       21705      2.88%     24.80% |       21683      2.87%     27.67% |       22153      2.94%     30.61% |       22470      2.98%     33.59% |       24233      3.21%     36.80% |       24536      3.25%     40.05% |       22817      3.02%     43.07% |       22236      2.95%     46.02% |       21349      2.83%     48.85% |       21831      2.89%     51.74% |       22910      3.04%     54.78% |       22290      2.95%     57.73% |       22588      2.99%     60.72% |       22660      3.00%     63.73% |       22506      2.98%     66.71% |       24712      3.27%     69.98% |       22219      2.94%     72.93% |       21850      2.90%     75.82% |       22523      2.98%     78.81% |       22719      3.01%     81.82% |       22276      2.95%     84.77% |       22206      2.94%     87.71% |       22304      2.96%     90.67% |       21967      2.91%     93.58% |       23025      3.05%     96.63% |       25418      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       754639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          67      2.63%      2.63% |          71      2.79%      5.41% |          67      2.63%      8.04% |          72      2.82%     10.87% |          75      2.94%     13.81% |          81      3.18%     16.99% |          63      2.47%     19.46% |          62      2.43%     21.89% |          89      3.49%     25.38% |          71      2.79%     28.17% |          71      2.79%     30.95% |          88      3.45%     34.41% |          69      2.71%     37.11% |          88      3.45%     40.56% |          81      3.18%     43.74% |          69      2.71%     46.45% |          64      2.51%     48.96% |          78      3.06%     52.02% |          84      3.30%     55.32% |          75      2.94%     58.26% |          96      3.77%     62.02% |          73      2.86%     64.89% |          92      3.61%     68.50% |         103      4.04%     72.54% |         103      4.04%     76.58% |          88      3.45%     80.03% |          99      3.88%     83.92% |         102      4.00%     87.92% |          81      3.18%     91.09% |          78      3.06%     94.15% |          67      2.63%     96.78% |          82      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          28      1.91%      1.91% |          36      2.46%      4.37% |          48      3.28%      7.65% |          38      2.60%     10.25% |          41      2.80%     13.05% |          48      3.28%     16.33% |          30      2.05%     18.37% |          40      2.73%     21.11% |          35      2.39%     23.50% |          45      3.07%     26.57% |          39      2.66%     29.23% |          48      3.28%     32.51% |          55      3.76%     36.27% |          51      3.48%     39.75% |          60      4.10%     43.85% |          37      2.53%     46.38% |          44      3.01%     49.39% |          41      2.80%     52.19% |          54      3.69%     55.87% |          51      3.48%     59.36% |          40      2.73%     62.09% |          53      3.62%     65.71% |          42      2.87%     68.58% |          53      3.62%     72.20% |          64      4.37%     76.57% |          49      3.35%     79.92% |          51      3.48%     83.40% |          66      4.51%     87.91% |          51      3.48%     91.39% |          48      3.28%     94.67% |          38      2.60%     97.27% |          40      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          29      3.86%      3.86% |          25      3.33%      7.19% |          23      3.06%     10.25% |          19      2.53%     12.78% |          17      2.26%     15.05% |          32      4.26%     19.31% |          18      2.40%     21.70% |          24      3.20%     24.90% |          28      3.73%     28.63% |          27      3.60%     32.22% |          21      2.80%     35.02% |          22      2.93%     37.95% |          22      2.93%     40.88% |          26      3.46%     44.34% |          25      3.33%     47.67% |          14      1.86%     49.53% |          24      3.20%     52.73% |          25      3.33%     56.06% |          26      3.46%     59.52% |          25      3.33%     62.85% |          23      3.06%     65.91% |          26      3.46%     69.37% |          16      2.13%     71.50% |          31      4.13%     75.63% |          23      3.06%     78.70% |          22      2.93%     81.62% |          28      3.73%     85.35% |          24      3.20%     88.55% |          23      3.06%     91.61% |          18      2.40%     94.01% |          20      2.66%     96.67% |          25      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6505      3.26%      3.26% |        6335      3.17%      6.43% |        6304      3.16%      9.58% |        6169      3.09%     12.67% |        6418      3.21%     15.88% |        6272      3.14%     19.02% |        6256      3.13%     22.16% |        6270      3.14%     25.29% |        6273      3.14%     28.44% |        6192      3.10%     31.53% |        6178      3.09%     34.63% |        6046      3.03%     37.65% |        6292      3.15%     40.80% |        6176      3.09%     43.90% |        6067      3.04%     46.93% |        6195      3.10%     50.03% |        6303      3.16%     53.19% |        6155      3.08%     56.27% |        6324      3.17%     59.44% |        6222      3.11%     62.55% |        6332      3.17%     65.72% |        6243      3.13%     68.85% |        6162      3.08%     71.93% |        6070      3.04%     74.97% |        6221      3.11%     78.08% |        6172      3.09%     81.17% |        6192      3.10%     84.27% |        6199      3.10%     87.38% |        6418      3.21%     90.59% |        6229      3.12%     93.71% |        6301      3.15%     96.86% |        6269      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       199760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         837      3.21%      3.21% |         817      3.13%      6.35% |         827      3.17%      9.52% |         832      3.19%     12.71% |         847      3.25%     15.96% |         835      3.20%     19.16% |         815      3.13%     22.29% |         835      3.20%     25.49% |         827      3.17%     28.67% |         797      3.06%     31.72% |         818      3.14%     34.86% |         789      3.03%     37.89% |         801      3.07%     40.96% |         807      3.10%     44.06% |         795      3.05%     47.11% |         798      3.06%     50.17% |         813      3.12%     53.29% |         813      3.12%     56.41% |         819      3.14%     59.55% |         820      3.15%     62.70% |         806      3.09%     65.79% |         779      2.99%     68.78% |         805      3.09%     71.87% |         799      3.07%     74.93% |         771      2.96%     77.89% |         814      3.12%     81.01% |         799      3.07%     84.08% |         814      3.12%     87.20% |         843      3.23%     90.44% |         821      3.15%     93.59% |         840      3.22%     96.81% |         832      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        26065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         126      1.49%      1.49% |         150      1.77%      3.26% |         200      2.36%      5.61% |         266      3.14%      8.75% |         146      1.72%     10.47% |         229      2.70%     13.17% |         232      2.74%     15.91% |         218      2.57%     18.48% |         293      3.46%     21.94% |         253      2.98%     24.92% |         340      4.01%     28.93% |         459      5.41%     34.34% |         325      3.83%     38.18% |         274      3.23%     41.41% |         482      5.68%     47.09% |         307      3.62%     50.71% |         331      3.90%     54.62% |         283      3.34%     57.95% |         145      1.71%     59.67% |         251      2.96%     62.63% |         268      3.16%     65.79% |         208      2.45%     68.24% |         271      3.20%     71.44% |         391      4.61%     76.05% |         430      5.07%     81.12% |         285      3.36%     84.48% |         250      2.95%     87.43% |         212      2.50%     89.93% |         217      2.56%     92.49% |         269      3.17%     95.66% |         194      2.29%     97.95% |         174      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         8479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           2      1.85%      1.85% |           0      0.00%      1.85% |           2      1.85%      3.70% |           2      1.85%      5.56% |           4      3.70%      9.26% |           1      0.93%     10.19% |           0      0.00%     10.19% |           1      0.93%     11.11% |           6      5.56%     16.67% |           1      0.93%     17.59% |           7      6.48%     24.07% |           2      1.85%     25.93% |           3      2.78%     28.70% |           2      1.85%     30.56% |           3      2.78%     33.33% |           5      4.63%     37.96% |           4      3.70%     41.67% |           7      6.48%     48.15% |           1      0.93%     49.07% |           3      2.78%     51.85% |           5      4.63%     56.48% |           8      7.41%     63.89% |           4      3.70%     67.59% |           4      3.70%     71.30% |          10      9.26%     80.56% |           3      2.78%     83.33% |           1      0.93%     84.26% |           5      4.63%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           7      6.48%     95.37% |           4      3.70%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         121      1.55%      1.55% |         141      1.81%      3.35% |         188      2.41%      5.76% |         250      3.20%      8.96% |         141      1.81%     10.77% |         213      2.73%     13.49% |         215      2.75%     16.25% |         201      2.57%     18.82% |         273      3.50%     22.31% |         233      2.98%     25.30% |         312      3.99%     29.29% |         414      5.30%     34.59% |         291      3.73%     38.32% |         253      3.24%     41.56% |         445      5.70%     47.25% |         285      3.65%     50.90% |         310      3.97%     54.87% |         258      3.30%     58.17% |         130      1.66%     59.84% |         231      2.96%     62.80% |         245      3.14%     65.93% |         186      2.38%     68.31% |         244      3.12%     71.44% |         370      4.74%     76.17% |         388      4.97%     81.14% |         262      3.35%     84.50% |         219      2.80%     87.30% |         200      2.56%     89.86% |         201      2.57%     92.43% |         246      3.15%     95.58% |         181      2.32%     97.90% |         164      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         7811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           5      0.75%      0.75% |           9      1.35%      2.10% |          12      1.80%      3.89% |          16      2.40%      6.29% |           5      0.75%      7.04% |          16      2.40%      9.43% |          17      2.54%     11.98% |          17      2.54%     14.52% |          20      2.99%     17.51% |          20      2.99%     20.51% |          28      4.19%     24.70% |          45      6.74%     31.44% |          34      5.09%     36.53% |          21      3.14%     39.67% |          37      5.54%     45.21% |          22      3.29%     48.50% |          21      3.14%     51.65% |          25      3.74%     55.39% |          15      2.25%     57.63% |          20      2.99%     60.63% |          23      3.44%     64.07% |          22      3.29%     67.37% |          27      4.04%     71.41% |          21      3.14%     74.55% |          42      6.29%     80.84% |          23      3.44%     84.28% |          31      4.64%     88.92% |          12      1.80%     90.72% |          16      2.40%     93.11% |          23      3.44%     96.56% |          13      1.95%     98.50% |          10      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          668                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          26      3.32%      3.32% |          20      2.56%      5.88% |          20      2.56%      8.44% |          24      3.07%     11.51% |          24      3.07%     14.58% |          22      2.81%     17.39% |          21      2.69%     20.08% |          20      2.56%     22.63% |          27      3.45%     26.09% |          36      4.60%     30.69% |          29      3.71%     34.40% |          22      2.81%     37.21% |          24      3.07%     40.28% |          23      2.94%     43.22% |          26      3.32%     46.55% |          31      3.96%     50.51% |          27      3.45%     53.96% |          29      3.71%     57.67% |          25      3.20%     60.87% |          27      3.45%     64.32% |          20      2.56%     66.88% |          24      3.07%     69.95% |          14      1.79%     71.74% |          28      3.58%     75.32% |          20      2.56%     77.88% |          23      2.94%     80.82% |          27      3.45%     84.27% |          21      2.69%     86.96% |          24      3.07%     90.03% |          27      3.45%     93.48% |          19      2.43%     95.91% |          32      4.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          22      3.87%      3.87% |          16      2.82%      6.69% |          17      2.99%      9.68% |          11      1.94%     11.62% |          13      2.29%     13.91% |          20      3.52%     17.43% |          19      3.35%     20.77% |          17      2.99%     23.77% |          12      2.11%     25.88% |          20      3.52%     29.40% |          20      3.52%     32.92% |          18      3.17%     36.09% |          21      3.70%     39.79% |          14      2.46%     42.25% |          21      3.70%     45.95% |          17      2.99%     48.94% |          22      3.87%     52.82% |          14      2.46%     55.28% |          19      3.35%     58.63% |          27      4.75%     63.38% |          19      3.35%     66.73% |          14      2.46%     69.19% |          14      2.46%     71.65% |          24      4.23%     75.88% |          19      3.35%     79.23% |          19      3.35%     82.57% |          19      3.35%     85.92% |          12      2.11%     88.03% |          12      2.11%     90.14% |          22      3.87%     94.01% |          19      3.35%     97.36% |          15      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          10      3.21%      3.21% |          13      4.17%      7.37% |           8      2.56%      9.94% |          15      4.81%     14.74% |           7      2.24%     16.99% |           7      2.24%     19.23% |           6      1.92%     21.15% |           5      1.60%     22.76% |           8      2.56%     25.32% |          12      3.85%     29.17% |           9      2.88%     32.05% |          15      4.81%     36.86% |          14      4.49%     41.35% |           7      2.24%     43.59% |           6      1.92%     45.51% |           5      1.60%     47.12% |           7      2.24%     49.36% |          11      3.53%     52.88% |           8      2.56%     55.45% |          13      4.17%     59.62% |          13      4.17%     63.78% |           9      2.88%     66.67% |           7      2.24%     68.91% |          13      4.17%     73.08% |          10      3.21%     76.28% |          10      3.21%     79.49% |          13      4.17%     83.65% |          10      3.21%     86.86% |          13      4.17%     91.03% |          12      3.85%     94.87% |           6      1.92%     96.79% |          10      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7342      3.25%      3.25% |        7152      3.17%      6.42% |        7131      3.16%      9.58% |        7001      3.10%     12.68% |        7265      3.22%     15.89% |        7107      3.15%     19.04% |        7071      3.13%     22.17% |        7105      3.15%     25.32% |        7100      3.14%     28.46% |        6989      3.09%     31.56% |        6996      3.10%     34.65% |        6835      3.03%     37.68% |        7093      3.14%     40.82% |        6983      3.09%     43.91% |        6862      3.04%     46.95% |        6993      3.10%     50.05% |        7116      3.15%     53.20% |        6968      3.09%     56.29% |        7143      3.16%     59.45% |        7042      3.12%     62.57% |        7138      3.16%     65.73% |        7022      3.11%     68.84% |        6967      3.09%     71.92% |        6869      3.04%     74.97% |        6992      3.10%     78.06% |        6986      3.09%     81.15% |        6991      3.10%     84.25% |        7013      3.11%     87.36% |        7261      3.22%     90.57% |        7050      3.12%     93.69% |        7141      3.16%     96.86% |        7101      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       225825                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      306848     18.15%     18.15% |      845298     50.00%     68.15% |       35092      2.08%     70.23% |       38086      2.25%     72.48% |       35507      2.10%     74.58% |       37700      2.23%     76.81% |       35692      2.11%     78.92% |       37269      2.20%     81.12% |       30667      1.81%     82.94% |       31798      1.88%     84.82% |       30284      1.79%     86.61% |       32077      1.90%     88.51% |       34630      2.05%     90.56% |       32359      1.91%     92.47% |       28649      1.69%     94.17% |       30557      1.81%     95.97% |       32612      1.93%     97.90% |       35471      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1690596                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      306848     18.15%     18.15% |      845298     50.00%     68.15% |       35092      2.08%     70.23% |       38086      2.25%     72.48% |       35507      2.10%     74.58% |       37700      2.23%     76.81% |       35692      2.11%     78.92% |       37269      2.20%     81.12% |       30667      1.81%     82.94% |       31798      1.88%     84.82% |       30284      1.79%     86.61% |       32077      1.90%     88.51% |       34630      2.05%     90.56% |       32359      1.91%     92.47% |       28649      1.69%     94.17% |       30557      1.81%     95.97% |       32612      1.93%     97.90% |       35471      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1690596                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      306848     18.15%     18.15% |      845298     50.00%     68.15% |       35092      2.08%     70.23% |       38086      2.25%     72.48% |       35507      2.10%     74.58% |       37700      2.23%     76.81% |       35692      2.11%     78.92% |       37269      2.20%     81.12% |       30667      1.81%     82.94% |       31798      1.88%     84.82% |       30284      1.79%     86.61% |       32077      1.90%     88.51% |       34630      2.05%     90.56% |       32359      1.91%     92.47% |       28649      1.69%     94.17% |       30557      1.81%     95.97% |       32612      1.93%     97.90% |       35471      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1690596                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      306848     18.15%     18.15% |      845298     50.00%     68.15% |       35092      2.08%     70.23% |       38086      2.25%     72.48% |       35507      2.10%     74.58% |       37700      2.23%     76.81% |       35692      2.11%     78.92% |       37269      2.20%     81.12% |       30667      1.81%     82.94% |       31798      1.88%     84.82% |       30284      1.79%     86.61% |       32077      1.90%     88.51% |       34630      2.05%     90.56% |       32359      1.91%     92.47% |       28649      1.69%     94.17% |       30557      1.81%     95.97% |       32612      1.93%     97.90% |       35471      2.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1690596                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
