
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056722                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56722397000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232890475500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29646                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    52607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               74653837                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3639524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   759.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22525168                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      39970759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12588864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12588864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8032384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       196701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             196701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    221938153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            221938153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141608684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141608684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    363546837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           363546837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     196701                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125506                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   196701                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125506                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12587520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8032256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12588864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8032384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   106516                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     7622                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56721879000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               196701                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125506                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  68372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   451                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                108715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  17705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  18358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  18984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  19607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  15718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        97993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.407192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.331946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.270700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32771     33.44%     33.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28750     29.34%     62.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23854     24.34%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5616      5.73%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3443      3.51%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1261      1.29%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          705      0.72%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          507      0.52%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1086      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        97993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.335908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.110554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17342     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.233660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.545905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.650637                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12260     70.66%     70.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2059     11.87%     82.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1974     11.38%     93.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1057      6.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 38201553811                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            41889303811                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 983400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   194232.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              212982.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      221.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   221.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.69                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  147065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  77112                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176041.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11626781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1893840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43194733250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              373494240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              366780960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              203791500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              200128500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             766201800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             765523200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            406263600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            406315440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22301050500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21779923725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14466879750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14924008500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42222032430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42147031365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.455230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          743.132818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12349696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7811456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7811456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       192964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             192964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122054                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217721688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            217721688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137713785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137713785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    355435473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           355435473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     192964                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122054                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   192964                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122054                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12348224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7811456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12349696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7811456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            11933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   102466                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     7203                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56721628500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               192964                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122054                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                104684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  17749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  18370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  15148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        91060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.359455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.267685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.332443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26847     29.48%     29.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27642     30.36%     59.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23915     26.26%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5653      6.21%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3406      3.74%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1228      1.35%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          752      0.83%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          500      0.55%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1117      1.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        91060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.490055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.422384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16786     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        16792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.268580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.570774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.672469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11715     69.77%     69.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2118     12.61%     82.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1946     11.59%     93.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1013      6.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        16792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 37176143723                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40793787473                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 964705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   192681.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              211431.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      217.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   217.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.68                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  145783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  78138                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180058.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11893191250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1893840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42928317750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              347434920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              340457040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              189572625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              185765250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             752583000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             750157200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            395442000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            394761600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22077489375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21519603585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14662982250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152355750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42129855210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42047451465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.830051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          741.377115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12349504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12349504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7812416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7812416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       192961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             192961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    217718303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            217718303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137730710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137730710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    355449012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           355449012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     192961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122069                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   192961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12347840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7812160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12349504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7812416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            11932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           11931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   102289                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     7377                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56722257000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               192961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                    709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                    703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                104463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  17781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  18349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  15325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        91072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.319044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.571298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.062353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26699     29.32%     29.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27670     30.38%     59.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24062     26.42%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5593      6.14%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3586      3.94%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1175      1.29%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          744      0.82%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          441      0.48%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1102      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        91072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.483214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.490712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16795     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        16800                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.265774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.566611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.680934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11734     69.85%     69.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2110     12.56%     82.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1880     11.19%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1076      6.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        16800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 37128808150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            40746339400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 964675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   192442.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              211192.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      217.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   217.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  145682                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  78232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180053.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   71.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1893840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42946494000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              348357240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              339587640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              190075875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              185290875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             752770200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             750001200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            395422560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            394962480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21829696695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21327167880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14880360750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321175500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42101034360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42022536615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.321525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.937460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12328832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12328832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7809536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7809536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       192638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             192638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    217353861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            217353861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137679936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137679936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    355033797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           355033797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     192639                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   192639                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12327680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7809472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12328896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7809536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           11917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   100384                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     7198                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56721653500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               192639                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  66941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                    799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                102543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  17228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  17883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  18495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  15040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        90054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   223.564350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   168.558503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.265133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25756     28.60%     28.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27636     30.69%     59.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24014     26.67%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5702      6.33%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3415      3.79%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1169      1.30%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          755      0.84%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          467      0.52%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1140      1.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        90054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        16823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.449623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.156754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16817     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        16823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        16823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.253344                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.562059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.654876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11737     69.77%     69.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2163     12.86%     82.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1889     11.23%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1034      6.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        16823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 36629731226                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            40241356226                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 963100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   190165.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              208915.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      217.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   217.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  145759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  78816                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180261.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11621925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1893840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43199587500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              342649440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              337644720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              186961500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              184230750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             750703200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             749400600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            395182800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            394878240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3704351040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21811563000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21093061185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14896254000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15526518750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42087664980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41990085285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.086091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.365575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7037295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.132262                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.206152                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                99.712069                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6937379     98.58%     98.58% |       94530      1.34%     99.92% |        5318      0.08%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7037295                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15796707                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.568077                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.705740                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.647051                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14368477     90.96%     90.96% |      920735      5.83%     96.79% |       28749      0.18%     96.97% |       26724      0.17%     97.14% |       30864      0.20%     97.33% |       38888      0.25%     97.58% |       67249      0.43%     98.01% |      145885      0.92%     98.93% |      169136      1.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15796707                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15796705                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              67.717697                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.273489                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            368.794684                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15402835     97.51%     97.51% |      206535      1.31%     98.81% |      129073      0.82%     99.63% |       45754      0.29%     99.92% |       10560      0.07%     99.99% |        1704      0.01%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15796705                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14619474                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000373                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000321                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019808                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14614127     99.96%     99.96% |        5264      0.04%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14619474                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177231                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        871.411473                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       345.504893                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1061.655093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      783361     66.54%     66.54% |      206535     17.54%     84.09% |      129073     10.96%     95.05% |       45754      3.89%     98.94% |       10560      0.90%     99.83% |        1704      0.14%     99.98% |         224      0.02%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177231                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         122424                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       122424                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          530                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          527                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          540                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          536                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10902948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       510169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11413117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3712212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3836311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       252933                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22372                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       107688                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529044                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47685                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         8442                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33939                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         8459                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         8662                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         8614                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          311                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33887                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         8306                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         8489                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         8742                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         8652                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles         8598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          309                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles         8547                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33944                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles         8531                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles         8706                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          274                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34207                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles         8683                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33943                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles         8668                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles         8758                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        33955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        34204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles         8729                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34098                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9352                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11347                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10568                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8874                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        11081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16598                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24067                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34946                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12552                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11827                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39223                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24068                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42553                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9301                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9872                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33969                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9164361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9164361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9351155                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9164361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3941483                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3931501                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9164361                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080783                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4346246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4346246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4510772                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4346246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2168488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2152294                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4346246                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.038312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3370078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3370078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3512055                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3370078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1315697                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1307818                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3370078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.029707                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      2953914                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      2953914                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3088467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2953914                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1198242                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1191130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      2953914                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.026038                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3628117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3628117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3788653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3628116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1708636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1696685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3628116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.031981                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3766411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3766411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3958017                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3766411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1783296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1768767                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3766411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.033200                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4524881                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4524881                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4715499                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4524881                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1722426                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1710141                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4524881                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.039886                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3293292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3293292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472654                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3293292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1369177                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1357460                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3293292                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.029030                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1980229                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1980229                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2055171                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1980229                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       831396                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       826665                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1980229                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.017455                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2516291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2516291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2632816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2516291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1152902                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1144807                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2516291                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.022181                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2350476                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2350476                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2478320                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2350476                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988039                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       979480                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2350476                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.020719                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2054835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2054835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2137486                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2054835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       831908                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       827211                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2054835                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.018113                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2649286                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2649286                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2762543                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2649286                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1181227                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1173502                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2649286                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023353                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2323625                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2323625                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2440026                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2323625                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       964358                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956385                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2323625                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020482                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1501751                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1501751                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1569099                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1501751                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       648024                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       642895                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1501751                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013238                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2136650                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2136650                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2253162                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2136650                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       941543                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       929834                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2136650                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018834                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2689192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2689192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2804069                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2689192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1119479                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1108468                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2689192                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023705                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2230900                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2230900                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2344817                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2230900                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       966812                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       957036                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2230900                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.019665                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1877635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1877635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1942155                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1877635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       798094                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       794775                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1877635                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.016551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1200466                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1200466                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1224282                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1200466                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       500787                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499802                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1200466                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010582                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       886349                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       886349                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       890715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       886349                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395377                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       886349                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007813                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1120670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1120670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1126534                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1120670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530730                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530462                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1120670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.009879                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1016015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1016015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1022522                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1016015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       452622                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       452379                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1016015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008956                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       686248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       686248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       688003                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       686248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       295582                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       295528                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       686248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.006049                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       833295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       833295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       837412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       833295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       343775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       343731                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       833295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007345                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1047034                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1047034                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1052523                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1047034                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       487603                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       487378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1047034                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009229                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1003433                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1003433                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1010034                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1003433                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       439921                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       439705                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1003433                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008845                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       691743                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       691743                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       693545                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       691743                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       296287                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       296231                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       691743                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.006098                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3704442                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3704442                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4001220                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3704442                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1492397                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1483302                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3704442                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032654                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4050181                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1535926                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1527612                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3805352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033544                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4003524                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4003524                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4358041                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4003524                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1628141                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1614880                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4003524                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.035291                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4068451                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4068451                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4385358                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4068451                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1673449                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1660603                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4068451                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035863                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5826869     27.61%     27.61% |    14205617     67.32%     94.94% |     1068301      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21100787                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5826870     27.61%     27.61% |    14205618     67.32%     94.94% |     1068301      5.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21100789                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   217359562                       |   359413409                       |    25051618                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   333912218                       |    58904921                       |     1068302                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.302977                       |   25.300795                       |   23.449962                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   57.305599                       |    4.146594                       |    1.000001                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.521429                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.666860                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         47.188289                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002991                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.065608      7.12%      7.12% |    0.065487      7.11%     14.23% |    0.064225      6.97%     21.20% |    0.064114      6.96%     28.16% |    0.155250     16.85%     45.01% |    0.151452     16.44%     61.44% |    0.155023     16.83%     78.27% |    0.151293     16.42%     94.69% |    0.012227      1.33%     96.02% |    0.012233      1.33%     97.34% |    0.012234      1.33%     98.67% |    0.012235      1.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.921382                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022981                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027629                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001431                       |    0.001431                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001431                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001429                       |    0.001431                       |    0.001428                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001430                       |    0.001430                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005369                       |    0.002836                       |    0.002647                       |    0.002798                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002679                       |    0.002634                       |    0.002644                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002743                       |    0.002828                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002701                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002690                       |    0.002782                       |    0.002716                       |    0.002732                       |    0.002752                       |    0.002763                       |    0.003052                       |    0.002736                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002744                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002765                       |    0.002833                       |    0.002859                       |    0.002958                       |    0.003139                       |    0.010389                       |    0.010189                       |    0.010188                       |    0.010171                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000553                       |    0.001634                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000068                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000071                       |    0.000074                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000067                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000063                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000070                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002813                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002978                       |    0.001804                       |    0.001792                       |    0.002736                       |    0.000063                       |    0.003359                       |    0.006360                       |    0.003146                       |           0                       |    0.002884                       |    0.007667                       |           0                       |    0.007591                       |    0.010836                       |    0.003676                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002689                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007733                       |    0.005768                       |    0.011660                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002838                       |    0.000074                       |    0.010805                       |    0.006293                       |    0.004238                       |           0                       |    0.002872                       |    0.007479                       |           0                       |    0.011891                       |    0.007147                       |    0.004155                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002767                       |    0.000066                       |    0.006277                       |    0.003252                       |    0.003963                       |           0                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |    0.002744                       |    0.001805                       |           0                       |    0.003016                       |           0                       |    0.001476                       |    0.003052                       |    0.002334                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002733                       |    0.000067                       |    0.002699                       |    0.004201                       |    0.006489                       |    0.004200                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002697                       |    0.000068                       |    0.005339                       |    0.009237                       |    0.008449                       |    0.004400                       |    0.032553                       |    0.004546                       |    0.000553                       |    0.003922                       |    0.015115                       |    0.018659                       |    0.005435                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002862                       |    0.001634                       |    0.004077                       |    0.009194                       |    0.015140                       |    0.005402                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002701                       |    0.000074                       |    0.007926                       |    0.007535                       |    0.008672                       |    0.004502                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002748                       |    0.000069                       |    0.003996                       |    0.006257                       |    0.003963                       |    0.004529                       |           0                       |    0.002790                       |           0                       |    0.001349                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002343                       |           0                       |    0.002795                       |           0                       |    0.000821                       |    0.002736                       |    0.002604                       |    0.001790                       |    0.002822                       |    0.000063                       |    0.002505                       |    0.003349                       |    0.006252                       |    0.003939                       |           0                       |    0.002972                       |    0.007479                       |           0                       |    0.002542                       |    0.007586                       |    0.010755                       |    0.003957                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002675                       |    0.000071                       |    0.017929                       |    0.007719                       |    0.005661                       |    0.004043                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002703                       |    0.000074                       |    0.003409                       |    0.010893                       |    0.006182                       |    0.003978                       |           0                       |    0.003067                       |    0.007472                       |           0                       |    0.003466                       |    0.012128                       |    0.007137                       |    0.002592                       |    0.001788                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000066                       |    0.003770                       |    0.006246                       |    0.003243                       |    0.002628                       |           0                       |    0.002792                       |           0                       |    0.000714                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002617                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.000537                       |    0.002729                       |    0.001790                       |    0.002715                       |    0.000060                       |    0.001877                       |    0.000716                       |    0.006081                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002732                       |    0.000063                       |    0.003773                       |    0.002414                       |    0.008062                       |    0.001792                       |    0.002814                       |    0.000065                       |    0.008670                       |    0.004614                       |    0.005751                       |    0.001791                       |    0.002744                       |    0.000070                       |    0.001691                       |    0.007323                       |    0.006046                       |           0                       |    0.002772                       |           0                       |    0.005622                       |    0.005720                       |    0.002437                       |           0                       |    0.002807                       |           0                       |    0.001878                       |    0.005181                       |    0.000716                       |           0                       |    0.002795                       |           0                       |    0.000537                       |    0.002765                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.921382                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5020524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5020524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3433352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2807305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.765720                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          347296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9627672                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55075                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7812811                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103627                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9682747                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7916438                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17440483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158702                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17599185                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3843357                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9459                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3852816                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3843357                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9459                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3852816                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109883751                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14552964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29313382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5020524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3154601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90256539                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       167054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238637                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       324832                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3842724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154062                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106027142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.508956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95867595     90.42%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1541955      1.45%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           825575      0.78%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           757850      0.71%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           811027      0.76%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           859497      0.81%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           730080      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494064      0.47%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4139499      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106027142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045689                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.266767                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9305596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      88983207                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4707797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2687386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343149                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50292311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343149                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10437698                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51572640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7437993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6154582                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30081073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       48951720                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1996157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51267405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120584559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     74952734                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40830343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10437034                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18372160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4893527                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8078969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       609969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       445655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47713775                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       271964                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50410573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67864                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106027142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85875126     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7408857      6.99%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5375652      5.07%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2383002      2.25%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2039093      1.92%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1506202      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878520      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342616      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218074      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106027142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106621     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680148     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90847     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235513      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32366939     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9773329     19.39%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7951712     15.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50410573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.458763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017409                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    207941329                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55775451                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44329339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51052633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       796701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175304                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7740                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512554                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5745269                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343149                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4616320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44960121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     47985739                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114040                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4893527                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8078969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       262867                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          72535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7740                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359000                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      49897383                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9620880                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355021                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17443103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3807056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7822223                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.454092                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44409335                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44329373                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24730995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40082067                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.403421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.617009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005599                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       204100                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104750409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.194974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89138934     85.10%     85.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5533077      5.28%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5126371      4.89%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1966557      1.88%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       966485      0.92%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       327549      0.31%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219239      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311429      0.30%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1160768      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104750409                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22525167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       39970756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11284626                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3718219                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3433206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39621360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       270388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28494369     71.29%     71.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3718219      9.30%     81.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7566407     18.93%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     39970756                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1160768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151477752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97234820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84778                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3856609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22525167                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              39970756                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.878266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.878266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.204991                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.204991                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         77744889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32384835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19108553                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12890817                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25639619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1443476500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1443476499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3267964                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        72.239545                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       35.413507                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      141.897155                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3168048     96.94%     96.94% |       94530      2.89%     99.84% |        5318      0.16%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3267964                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3752253                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.253291                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.730342                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.867902                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3725530     99.29%     99.29% |       21636      0.58%     99.86% |        3252      0.09%     99.95% |        1203      0.03%     99.98% |         438      0.01%     99.99% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3752253                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17078                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.452805                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.040127                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.547765                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         595      3.48%      3.48% |        2082     12.19%     15.68% |        7612     44.57%     60.25% |        3877     22.70%     82.95% |        2747     16.09%     99.03% |         140      0.82%     99.85% |          22      0.13%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17078                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3977502                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          127.002760                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.382432                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         505.127727                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3774781     94.90%     94.90% |      111668      2.81%     97.71% |       64877      1.63%     99.34% |       20949      0.53%     99.87% |        4492      0.11%     99.98% |         638      0.02%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3977502                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3510954                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001022                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000881                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032160                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3507383     99.90%     99.90% |        3557      0.10%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3510954                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466548                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1060.163758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    436.910858                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1090.314444                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      263827     56.55%     56.55% |      111668     23.93%     80.48% |       64877     13.91%     94.39% |       20949      4.49%     98.88% |        4492      0.96%     99.84% |         638      0.14%     99.98% |          90      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466548                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7814488                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           69.236624                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.306188                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         375.594092                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7623439     97.56%     97.56% |       94815      1.21%     98.77% |       64162      0.82%     99.59% |       24794      0.32%     99.91% |        6066      0.08%     99.98% |        1065      0.01%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7814488                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7240094                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000244                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000208                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016635                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7238417     99.98%     99.98% |        1608      0.02%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7240094                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574394                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     904.129768                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    409.545728                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1080.226757                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      383345     66.74%     66.74% |       94815     16.51%     83.25% |       64162     11.17%     94.42% |       24794      4.32%     98.73% |        6066      1.06%     99.79% |        1065      0.19%     99.97% |         134      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574394                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3836309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.700922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.329604                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      21.205871                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3836214    100.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3836309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3712212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001373                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3712205    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3712212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124097                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.495701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.270109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.590955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      124002     99.92%     99.92% |          49      0.04%     99.96% |          33      0.03%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124097                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.798331                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805179                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    33.378589                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      167047     99.98%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154836     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.421122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.556521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.967710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       12119     99.68%     99.68% |          34      0.28%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8919                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1788351                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        53777                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     2115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     3964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     2121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     3891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     7129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    17516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     2108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     3897                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    6993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   17525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    2122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    3889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    2112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    3927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                    7141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   17661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    2129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    3903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   17556                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    2122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    3888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    7053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   17546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    2098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    3875                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    7041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   17547                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    2123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                    3923                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                   17585                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                    2122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    3904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                    7114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                   17554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                    2112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                    3913                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    7111                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   17509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    2100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                    3898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                    7064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                   17565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                    2119                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    3896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                    7133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   17545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    2099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                    3896                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    7055                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                   17499                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                    2116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    3870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                    7061                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                   17465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                    2105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                    3871                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    7041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   17475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   782                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2326                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                   831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  2325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   149                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                  2287                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   758                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                  2318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                   160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                   761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                  2363                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                   172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                   422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                  2307                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                   424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                   739                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                  2327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                   173                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                   817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                  2373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                   450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                  2407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                   167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                   831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                  2397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     7289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     2957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     7290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     1815                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    3112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    7348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    1568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    1781                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    3019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    7316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    1567                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    3003                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    7275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    1563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    1728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    2976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    7286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    1611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    3104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    7470                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    1591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    1814                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    3090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    7390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                    1636                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                    1819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                    3069                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                    7416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                    1626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                    1811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                    3023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                    7360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                    1592                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                    1767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                    2990                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                    7395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                    1607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                    1819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                    3068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                    7431                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                    1614                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                    3082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                    7504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                    1632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                    1808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                    3118                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                    7518                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                    1582                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                    1832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                    3096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                    7503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                    1560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                    1825                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                    3080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                    7432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                 7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                2272                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses                4320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                7872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               19872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   61153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140660708960242                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140660709138947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  759855                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   61676                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30918348                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               388352864                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               388846982                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               388166686                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               388200727                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              388388225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              388859317                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              388164394                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              388182758                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              388368110                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              388859197                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              388171158                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              388191575                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              388382566                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              388834719                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              388165494                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              388198036                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              388380656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              388865036                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              388177008                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              388208413                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              388422111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              388894347                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              388175929                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              388198361                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              388418705                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              388937973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              388248243                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              388271268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              388469986                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              388971266                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              388250618                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              388282003                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              388470984                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              388958351                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              388247209                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              388280890                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              388449660                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              388966527                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              388260095                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              388282047                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              388471717                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              388973590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              388266398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              388298270                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              388499312                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              388993822                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              388260106                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              388297678                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              388478208                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              388983293                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              388327820                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              388360979                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              388539249                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              389042268                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles              388327338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles              388354787                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles              388559371                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles              389044683                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                      96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                     96                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                   2176                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                  2176                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                  2144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  3552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                  7776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                   88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 1991                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                10739                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                   90                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 1968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 3911                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10657                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                   85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 1929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                3819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               10649                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                1949                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3833                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               10691                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                  85                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1979                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                3932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               10764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                1958                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3876                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               10689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                  90                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                1921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                3830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               10644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                  83                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                1959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                3822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               10706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits                1976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits               10712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits                  90                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1965                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits                3903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits               10698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits                1963                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                3883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               10659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                  83                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                1940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits                3863                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits               10679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits                  87                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                3940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               10675                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                  88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits                1982                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits               10633                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits                  88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1915                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits                3836                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits               10601                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                  88                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits                1936                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                3824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               10615                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                  8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1357                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                  6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                208                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                409                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1439                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               501                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1447                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               227                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               487                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              1332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               444                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              1407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                 6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              1452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               498                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              1390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses              1384                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses                 6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               211                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses              1398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses               437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses              1437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               457                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses              1417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses               224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses               380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses              1421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses               464                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses              1463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses               261                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               484                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses              1495                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses               496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses              1481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1973                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                3234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                1923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                3218                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                6859                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                2023                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               3174                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               6876                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               3220                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6878                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2027                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1948                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               3209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               6897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               2042                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1945                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               3214                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               6867                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               2032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               1967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               3223                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               6902                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               2015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1916                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               3219                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               6841                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1947                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               3255                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits               6873                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               2032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               3211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               6856                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits               2025                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits               1950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               3228                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits               6850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits               2017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits               1958                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits               3201                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               6886                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits               2032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits               1944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits               3193                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits               6870                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               2011                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits               1914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits               3199                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits               6866                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits               2028                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1955                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits               3225                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits               6864                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits               2017                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits               1935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               3217                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits               6860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               872                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               145                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               221                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               334                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              378                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses              900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              204                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              332                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              898                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              343                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses              879                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              199                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              338                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses              909                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              329                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses              874                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              161                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              228                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses              935                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses              140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses              197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses              297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses              903                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses              205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses              341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses              920                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses              151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses              194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses              324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses              926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses              159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses              186                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses              351                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses              890                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses              144                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses              200                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses              359                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses              906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses              165                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses              230                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses              353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses              910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses              148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses              189                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses              327                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses              912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses              159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses              209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses              335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses              916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 189498                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 254328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 738244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1490433                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 202330                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 268391                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 721206                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1488475                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 202512                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 268389                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                738504                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1511218                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                197883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                255463                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                741483                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1488278                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                203887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                252051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                725985                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1475753                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                196618                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                250979                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                746393                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1490883                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                199140                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                270543                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                744488                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1511823                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                205083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                259570                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                743080                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1500499                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                198476                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles                263503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                742641                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles               1506167                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles                205017                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                247899                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles                739050                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles               1506213                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                197440                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles                271445                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                730667                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               1504405                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                195435                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                259387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles                731048                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles               1508100                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles                202586                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                266520                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                750166                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               1516749                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                204964                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles                268512                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                746685                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles               1510517                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles                202421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                273793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles                739403                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles               1500671                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                202428                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles                269020                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                747385                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               1511844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                     32                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 21414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                 99246                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                704895                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1416004                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 29088                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                145703                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                677890                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1418984                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 24283                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                129301                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               695604                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1440687                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                18583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               126425                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               704661                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1407880                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                11408                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               116586                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               682624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1387746                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                11158                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles                92823                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               704858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1416547                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                11331                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                99291                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               706145                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1442760                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                17372                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               114357                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               706596                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1423599                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles                 8668                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles                86255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               708445                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles              1433188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles                 8773                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles                94024                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles               697548                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles              1432750                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                 9879                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles               106815                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               688453                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              1432933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles                24441                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                98406                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles               692679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles              1440390                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles                 9788                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles                76694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles               725342                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              1450419                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles                12767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles               135475                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               711366                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles              1444973                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles                14046                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               105026                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles               702363                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles              1430766                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                13685                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles               123864                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               718222                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              1438881                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles              55370                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             190103                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles              61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              57583                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             178527                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles              61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles              52870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             173400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles             55098                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            182738                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles             57658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            178555                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles             58818                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            192454                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             56208                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            184604                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles             60501                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            190370                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles             60475                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            192034                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles             60402                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            181456                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles             58653                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            175748                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             55705                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles            200371                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles             57818                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles            194985                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles             59350                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            176721                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles             59882                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            189571                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles             59076                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            179278                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles             61184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            126912                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               369398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               340764                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               416263                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               670171                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               404352                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               338451                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               423653                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               660222                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               398816                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               339857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              450795                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              672099                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              393818                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              318901                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              424983                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              655448                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              411691                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              326606                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              430822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              637510                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              383675                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              361920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              437917                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              666827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              396534                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              364257                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              448948                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              680938                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              407082                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              341115                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              435852                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              655649                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles              402193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              351497                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              431146                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles              682803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              415541                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles              361163                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              445807                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              661079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles              398827                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles              354710                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles              429193                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles              669141                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles              359500                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles              344966                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles              429511                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles              663094                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles              415884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles              369267                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles              426836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles              662296                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles              414832                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles              336986                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles              438619                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles              677334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles              401966                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles              366346                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles              434377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles              680513                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles              406940                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles              338984                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles              445404                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles              669298                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            21414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time            99246                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           704895                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1416004                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            29088                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           145703                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           677890                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1418984                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            24283                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           129301                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          695604                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1440687                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           18583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          126425                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          704661                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1407880                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           11408                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          116586                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          682624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1387746                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           11158                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time           92823                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          704858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1416547                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           11331                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time           99291                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          706145                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1442760                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           17372                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          114357                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          706596                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1423599                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time            8668                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time           86255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          708445                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time         1433188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time            8773                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time           94024                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time          697548                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time         1432750                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time            9879                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time          106815                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          688453                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         1432933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time           24441                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time           98406                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time          692679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time         1440390                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time            9788                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time           76694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time          725342                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         1450419                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time           12767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time          135475                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          711366                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time         1444973                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time           14046                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          105026                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time          702363                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time         1430766                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time           13685                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time          123864                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          718222                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         1438881                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         35712                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time         61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         35472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time         61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         35727                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        35592                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        35472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        35352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        35497                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        35472                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time        35232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time        61184                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       126912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          169430                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          185725                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          416263                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          670171                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          183329                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          197322                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          423653                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          660222                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          180124                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          195981                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         450795                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         672099                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         178225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         198464                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         424983                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         655448                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         186080                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         195055                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         430822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         637510                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         177464                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         193943                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         437917                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         666827                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         180765                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         196551                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         448948                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         680938                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         178815                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         196562                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         435852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         655649                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time         181023                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         189768                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         431146                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time         682803                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         186787                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time         196231                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         445807                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         661079                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time         179370                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time         195829                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time         426443                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time         669141                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time         170724                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time         195097                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time         429511                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time         663094                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time         185663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time         190092                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time         426836                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time         662296                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time         183681                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time         195780                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time         438619                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time         677334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time         179403                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time         189037                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time         434377                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time         680513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time         180748                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time         190795                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time         445404                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time         669298                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             183748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             242456                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             730596                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1474569                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             194806                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             254037                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             713558                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1472611                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             196604                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             257669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            730856                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1495354                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            190890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            250173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            733835                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1472414                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            195263                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            245886                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            718337                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1459889                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            188076                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            242687                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            738745                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1475019                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            190549                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            258288                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            736840                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1495959                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            195786                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            253158                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            735432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1484635                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            189292                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time            252683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            734993                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time           1490303                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time            195560                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            243106                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time            731402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time           1490349                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time            189149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time            257898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            723019                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           1488541                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            188128                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time            252002                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time            723400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time           1492236                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time            194115                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            248344                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time            742518                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           1500885                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            196174                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time            256903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            739037                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time           1494653                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time            193349                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            258076                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time            731755                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time           1484807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time            193976                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time            260701                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            739737                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           1495980                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               828                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              2520                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1534                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1540                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              335                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              401                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              421                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles              443                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles              521                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles              448                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles              495                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles             2420                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles              477                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles              520                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles              446                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles              527                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658085                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110774097                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110925608                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111309829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110774092                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110925604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111309825                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657432                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110774098                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110925610                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111309831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657668                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110774094                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110925606                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111309827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658439                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110774103                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110925615                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111309836                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658392                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110774099                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110925611                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111309832                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658443                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110774115                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110925627                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111309848                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658397                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110774111                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110925623                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111309844                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        110658431                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        110774120                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        110925632                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles        111309853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles        110658363                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        110774116                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        110925628                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        111309849                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles        110658399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles        110774112                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        110925624                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        111309845                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        110658403                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles        110774119                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles        110925630                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        111309851                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        110658447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        110774136                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles        110925644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles        111309865                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        110658393                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        110774132                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        110925640                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles        111309861                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        110774128                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        110925636                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        111309857                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles        110658389                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles        110774120                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        110925632                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        111309853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1487314                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1497745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1745734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          1479176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1486600                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1521855                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          1725486                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2098005                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1479454                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1519566                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1740935                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2118368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1484624                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1520872                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1735507                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2110092                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1489682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1517161                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         1731068                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2081902                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1481971                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         1520893                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1749373                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2115193                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1487856                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1516817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1743091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2105993                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1478856                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1518781                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1731254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2110684                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         1489878                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         1508868                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         1735306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles         2116589                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         1490575                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         1503528                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         1735204                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         2111534                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles         1489518                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         1518758                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         1738076                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         2112570                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         1479941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles         1517417                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         1726042                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         2121722                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles          180563                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         1512640                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles         1744036                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         2123905                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         1487246                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         1517284                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         1740861                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles         2109460                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles          173509                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         1519196                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         1736734                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         2110119                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles         1486151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         1520416                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         1745286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         2117169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0                63                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               320                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0               70                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              324                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0               65                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0              321                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0              126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0               67                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0              328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               68                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0              129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              326                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0               70                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0              331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              125                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0              329                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0               69                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0              136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1              808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             1537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              592                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1              886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              541                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1              825                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              517                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1             1423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              816                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1              563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1             1487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1              494                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1              721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1             1367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              521                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              765                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1             1390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              815                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1             1439                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1              593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1             1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2              921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               32                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2753                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2              972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2              989                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             2733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              926                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2             2205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2              844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2             2544                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2               29                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2              308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2              907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             2385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              243                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2              799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             2024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2               30                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2              371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2             2210                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2              829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             2376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2              386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2             2535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           12996                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           34691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          138501                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          511472                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           11787                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           44713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          148273                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          504506                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           11205                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           50955                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         185117                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         516988                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          16432                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          35289                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         152658                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         519712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          14918                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          28722                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         133972                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         485550                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          12700                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          38725                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         167180                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         510904                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          11119                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          41392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         185006                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         505015                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           9099                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          35324                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         175160                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         509378                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          12958                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          36686                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles         156755                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles         526539                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          16294                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles          42647                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles         165244                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles         521825                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles          11678                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          42994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles         144171                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles         522901                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles          16000                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles          37869                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles         153134                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles         517628                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles          13659                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles          49466                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles         165721                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles         541446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles          11315                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          39357                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles         176443                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles         522862                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles           9329                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles          46061                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles         150199                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles         533684                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles           9191                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          42948                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles         179620                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles         530973                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      196677     25.37%     25.37% |      192964     24.89%     50.26% |      192961     24.89%     75.15% |      192639     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       775241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119615     25.56%     25.56% |      116151     24.82%     50.37% |      116166     24.82%     75.19% |      116121     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       468053                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      196701     25.37%     25.37% |      192964     24.89%     50.26% |      192961     24.89%     75.15% |      192638     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       775264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125506     25.53%     25.53% |      122054     24.83%     50.35% |      122069     24.83%     75.18% |      122024     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       491653                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       68870     25.10%     25.10% |       68621     25.01%     50.10% |       68603     25.00%     75.10% |       68326     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       274420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      196677     25.37%     25.37% |      192964     24.89%     50.26% |      192961     24.89%     75.15% |      192639     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       775241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119371     25.55%     25.55% |      115974     24.82%     50.37% |      115989     24.82%     75.19% |      115944     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       467278                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       68870     25.10%     25.10% |       68621     25.01%     50.10% |       68603     25.00%     75.10% |       68326     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       274420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      196677     25.37%     25.37% |      192964     24.89%     50.26% |      192961     24.89%     75.15% |      192638     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       775240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119371     25.55%     25.55% |      115974     24.82%     50.37% |      115989     24.82%     75.19% |      115944     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       467278                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3681257     92.52%     92.52% |          48      0.00%     92.52% |       18592      0.47%     92.99% |       18592      0.47%     93.46% |       18592      0.47%     93.93% |       18592      0.47%     94.39% |       18592      0.47%     94.86% |       18592      0.47%     95.33% |       18592      0.47%     95.79% |       18594      0.47%     96.26% |       18592      0.47%     96.73% |       18592      0.47%     97.20% |       18592      0.47%     97.66% |       18592      0.47%     98.13% |       18592      0.47%     98.60% |       18592      0.47%     99.07% |       18592      0.47%     99.53% |       18592      0.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3978779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3836368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3836368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7733257     96.87%     96.87% |           0      0.00%     96.87% |       15610      0.20%     97.07% |       15613      0.20%     97.26% |       15609      0.20%     97.46% |       15609      0.20%     97.65% |       15607      0.20%     97.85% |       15610      0.20%     98.04% |       15611      0.20%     98.24% |       15611      0.20%     98.44% |       15610      0.20%     98.63% |       15611      0.20%     98.83% |       15609      0.20%     99.02% |       15610      0.20%     99.22% |       15615      0.20%     99.41% |       15609      0.20%     99.61% |       15614      0.20%     99.80% |       15612      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7983027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15466     91.59%     91.59% |          48      0.28%     91.87% |         230      1.36%     93.23% |          29      0.17%     93.40% |          65      0.38%     93.79% |          62      0.37%     94.16% |          47      0.28%     94.43% |         101      0.60%     95.03% |          52      0.31%     95.34% |         118      0.70%     96.04% |          81      0.48%     96.52% |         104      0.62%     97.13% |          33      0.20%     97.33% |          37      0.22%     97.55% |          73      0.43%     97.98% |         134      0.79%     98.77% |         167      0.99%     99.76% |          40      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        16887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630979     54.13%     54.13% |           0      0.00%     54.13% |       33375      2.86%     56.99% |       33427      2.87%     59.86% |       33435      2.87%     62.73% |       33432      2.87%     65.59% |       33395      2.86%     68.46% |       33438      2.87%     71.33% |       33445      2.87%     74.20% |       33438      2.87%     77.06% |       33425      2.87%     79.93% |       33388      2.86%     82.79% |       33435      2.87%     85.66% |       33377      2.86%     88.53% |       33425      2.87%     91.39% |       33431      2.87%     94.26% |       33447      2.87%     97.13% |       33452      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1165744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.85%      3.85% |           4      7.69%     11.54% |           5      9.62%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           4      7.69%     34.62% |           1      1.92%     36.54% |           6     11.54%     48.08% |           1      1.92%     50.00% |           2      3.85%     53.85% |           4      7.69%     61.54% |           4      7.69%     69.23% |           2      3.85%     73.08% |           1      1.92%     75.00% |           3      5.77%     80.77% |           5      9.62%     90.38% |           5      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     58.27%     58.27% |           2      1.44%     59.71% |           2      1.44%     61.15% |           5      3.60%     64.75% |           4      2.88%     67.63% |           2      1.44%     69.06% |           5      3.60%     72.66% |           5      3.60%     76.26% |           5      3.60%     79.86% |           3      2.16%     82.01% |           2      1.44%     83.45% |           5      3.60%     87.05% |           3      2.16%     89.21% |           2      1.44%     90.65% |           1      0.72%     91.37% |           0      0.00%     91.37% |           2      1.44%     92.81% |          10      7.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169943     36.59%     36.59% |          40      0.01%     36.59% |       18381      3.96%     40.55% |       18424      3.97%     44.52% |       18421      3.97%     48.48% |       18418      3.97%     52.45% |       18364      3.95%     56.40% |       18417      3.96%     60.37% |       18437      3.97%     64.34% |       18428      3.97%     68.30% |       18415      3.96%     72.27% |       18369      3.95%     76.22% |       18406      3.96%     80.19% |       18361      3.95%     84.14% |       18406      3.96%     88.10% |       18421      3.97%     92.07% |       18435      3.97%     96.04% |       18412      3.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.44%      1.44% |           8      5.76%      7.19% |           6      4.32%     11.51% |           3      2.16%     13.67% |           1      0.72%     14.39% |           3      2.16%     16.55% |           9      6.47%     23.02% |          17     12.23%     35.25% |           3      2.16%     37.41% |           6      4.32%     41.73% |          12      8.63%     50.36% |          12      8.63%     58.99% |          13      9.35%     68.35% |           2      1.44%     69.78% |           9      6.47%     76.26% |          10      7.19%     83.45% |           3      2.16%     85.61% |          20     14.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464298     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       15511      2.18%     67.33% |       15512      2.18%     69.51% |       15522      2.18%     71.69% |       15519      2.18%     73.87% |       15514      2.18%     76.05% |       15516      2.18%     78.22% |       15517      2.18%     80.40% |       15516      2.18%     82.58% |       15509      2.18%     84.75% |       15512      2.18%     86.93% |       15525      2.18%     89.11% |       15526      2.18%     91.29% |       15518      2.18%     93.47% |       15512      2.18%     95.64% |       15521      2.18%     97.82% |       15523      2.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506198     48.70%     48.70% |           0      0.00%     48.70% |       33154      3.19%     51.89% |       33394      3.21%     55.10% |       33365      3.21%     58.31% |       33363      3.21%     61.52% |       33327      3.21%     64.72% |       33335      3.21%     67.93% |       33393      3.21%     71.14% |       33319      3.21%     74.35% |       33341      3.21%     77.55% |       33273      3.20%     80.76% |       33395      3.21%     83.97% |       33338      3.21%     87.18% |       33347      3.21%     90.38% |       33294      3.20%     93.59% |       33275      3.20%     96.79% |       33398      3.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1039509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170795     36.69%     36.69% |          23      0.00%     36.70% |       18376      3.95%     40.65% |       18427      3.96%     44.61% |       18422      3.96%     48.56% |       18422      3.96%     52.52% |       18374      3.95%     56.47% |       18435      3.96%     60.43% |       18440      3.96%     64.39% |       18435      3.96%     68.35% |       18427      3.96%     72.31% |       18381      3.95%     76.26% |       18421      3.96%     80.22% |       18363      3.95%     84.16% |       18416      3.96%     88.12% |       18431      3.96%     92.08% |       18438      3.96%     96.04% |       18434      3.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       15511      2.64%     60.32% |       15512      2.64%     62.96% |       15522      2.65%     65.61% |       15518      2.65%     68.25% |       15513      2.64%     70.90% |       15515      2.65%     73.54% |       15517      2.65%     76.19% |       15515      2.65%     78.83% |       15509      2.64%     81.48% |       15512      2.64%     84.12% |       15523      2.65%     86.77% |       15526      2.65%     89.42% |       15517      2.65%     92.06% |       15512      2.64%     94.71% |       15521      2.65%     97.35% |       15521      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11268     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |           8      0.07%     98.39% |           8      0.07%     98.46% |           5      0.04%     98.51% |           5      0.04%     98.55% |          15      0.13%     98.68% |          22      0.19%     98.87% |           8      0.07%     98.94% |          10      0.09%     99.03% |          14      0.12%     99.15% |          17      0.15%     99.30% |          18      0.16%     99.46% |           4      0.03%     99.49% |          11      0.10%     99.59% |          10      0.09%     99.68% |           5      0.04%     99.72% |          32      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1052     96.69%     96.69% |          25      2.30%     98.99% |          11      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         828     40.63%     40.63% |           0      0.00%     40.63% |         213     10.45%     51.08% |          25      1.23%     52.31% |          63      3.09%     55.40% |          59      2.89%     58.29% |          33      1.62%     59.91% |          80      3.93%     63.84% |          44      2.16%     66.00% |         109      5.35%     71.34% |          69      3.39%     74.73% |          91      4.47%     79.20% |          19      0.93%     80.13% |          35      1.72%     81.84% |          63      3.09%     84.94% |         127      6.23%     91.17% |         167      8.19%     99.36% |          13      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         2038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           4      0.02%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           1      0.00%     99.87% |           4      0.02%     99.89% |           5      0.02%     99.91% |           6      0.03%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           4      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3712212    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3712212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2318     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123693     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           8      0.01%     99.85% |           8      0.01%     99.86% |           4      0.00%     99.86% |           6      0.00%     99.87% |          15      0.01%     99.88% |          23      0.02%     99.90% |           8      0.01%     99.90% |          10      0.01%     99.91% |          14      0.01%     99.92% |          17      0.01%     99.94% |          18      0.01%     99.95% |           4      0.00%     99.95% |          11      0.01%     99.96% |          10      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |          32      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1642064     99.85%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |         162      0.01%     99.86% |         158      0.01%     99.87% |         153      0.01%     99.88% |         155      0.01%     99.89% |         168      0.01%     99.90% |         153      0.01%     99.91% |         152      0.01%     99.91% |         156      0.01%     99.92% |         161      0.01%     99.93% |         158      0.01%     99.94% |         154      0.01%     99.95% |         153      0.01%     99.96% |         165      0.01%     99.97% |         152      0.01%     99.98% |         154      0.01%     99.99% |         145      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1644563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1701     77.49%     77.49% |          38      1.73%     79.23% |           7      0.32%     79.54% |          19      0.87%     80.41% |          46      2.10%     82.51% |           1      0.05%     82.55% |          20      0.91%     83.46% |          68      3.10%     86.56% |           4      0.18%     86.74% |           2      0.09%     86.83% |          12      0.55%     87.38% |          47      2.14%     89.52% |          13      0.59%     90.11% |          23      1.05%     91.16% |          13      0.59%     91.75% |          90      4.10%     95.85% |          86      3.92%     99.77% |           5      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139032     32.36%     32.36% |           0      0.00%     32.36% |       18161      4.23%     36.59% |       18159      4.23%     40.82% |       18152      4.23%     45.05% |       18222      4.24%     49.29% |       18119      4.22%     53.50% |       18151      4.23%     57.73% |       18214      4.24%     61.97% |       18208      4.24%     66.21% |       18191      4.23%     70.44% |       18091      4.21%     74.65% |       18140      4.22%     78.88% |       18142      4.22%     83.10% |       18165      4.23%     87.33% |       18093      4.21%     91.54% |       18136      4.22%     95.76% |       18203      4.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       429579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.64%      3.64% |           2      3.64%      7.27% |           5      9.09%     16.36% |           3      5.45%     21.82% |           1      1.82%     23.64% |           5      9.09%     32.73% |           4      7.27%     40.00% |           5      9.09%     49.09% |           3      5.45%     54.55% |           2      3.64%     58.18% |           5      9.09%     67.27% |           3      5.45%     72.73% |           2      3.64%     76.36% |           1      1.82%     78.18% |           0      0.00%     78.18% |           2      3.64%     81.82% |          10     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           55                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1845477     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |          17      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          50      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          48      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1845765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7365700     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          99      0.00%     99.98% |         100      0.00%     99.98% |          86      0.00%     99.98% |          91      0.00%     99.98% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          93      0.00%     99.99% |          95      0.00%     99.99% |         101      0.00%     99.99% |          98      0.00%     99.99% |          85      0.00%     99.99% |          83      0.00%     99.99% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7367195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         179     20.07%     20.07% |           0      0.00%     20.07% |         215     24.10%     44.17% |           2      0.22%     44.39% |          12      1.35%     45.74% |          55      6.17%     51.91% |           9      1.01%     52.91% |          11      1.23%     54.15% |          34      3.81%     57.96% |         106     11.88%     69.84% |          55      6.17%     76.01% |          40      4.48%     80.49% |           2      0.22%     80.72% |          10      1.12%     81.84% |          49      5.49%     87.33% |          34      3.81%     91.14% |          76      8.52%     99.66% |           3      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367166     60.20%     60.20% |           0      0.00%     60.20% |       14993      2.46%     62.66% |       15235      2.50%     65.15% |       15213      2.49%     67.65% |       15141      2.48%     70.13% |       15208      2.49%     72.62% |       15184      2.49%     75.11% |       15179      2.49%     77.60% |       15111      2.48%     80.08% |       15150      2.48%     82.56% |       15182      2.49%     85.05% |       15255      2.50%     87.55% |       15196      2.49%     90.05% |       15182      2.49%     92.53% |       15201      2.49%     95.03% |       15139      2.48%     97.51% |       15195      2.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       609930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.85%      3.85% |           4      7.69%     11.54% |           5      9.62%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           4      7.69%     34.62% |           1      1.92%     36.54% |           6     11.54%     48.08% |           1      1.92%     50.00% |           2      3.85%     53.85% |           4      7.69%     61.54% |           4      7.69%     69.23% |           2      3.85%     73.08% |           1      1.92%     75.00% |           3      5.77%     80.77% |           5      9.62%     90.38% |           5      9.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |           1      1.20%     98.80% |           0      0.00%     98.80% |           1      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         250     83.06%     83.06% |           0      0.00%     83.06% |           0      0.00%     83.06% |           0      0.00%     83.06% |           3      1.00%     84.05% |           4      1.33%     85.38% |          20      6.64%     92.03% |           0      0.00%     92.03% |           0      0.00%     92.03% |           0      0.00%     92.03% |           1      0.33%     92.36% |           7      2.33%     94.68% |           3      1.00%     95.68% |           0      0.00%     95.68% |           4      1.33%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           0      0.00%     97.01% |           9      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169943     36.59%     36.59% |          40      0.01%     36.59% |       18381      3.96%     40.55% |       18424      3.97%     44.52% |       18421      3.97%     48.48% |       18418      3.97%     52.45% |       18364      3.95%     56.40% |       18417      3.96%     60.37% |       18437      3.97%     64.34% |       18428      3.97%     68.30% |       18415      3.96%     72.27% |       18369      3.95%     76.22% |       18406      3.96%     80.19% |       18361      3.95%     84.14% |       18406      3.96%     88.10% |       18421      3.97%     92.07% |       18435      3.97%     96.04% |       18412      3.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.44%      1.44% |           8      5.76%      7.19% |           6      4.32%     11.51% |           3      2.16%     13.67% |           1      0.72%     14.39% |           3      2.16%     16.55% |           9      6.47%     23.02% |          17     12.23%     35.25% |           3      2.16%     37.41% |           6      4.32%     41.73% |          12      8.63%     50.36% |          12      8.63%     58.99% |          13      9.35%     68.35% |           2      1.44%     69.78% |           9      6.47%     76.26% |          10      7.19%     83.45% |           3      2.16%     85.61% |          20     14.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125999     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338299     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       15511      2.64%     60.32% |       15512      2.64%     62.96% |       15522      2.65%     65.61% |       15518      2.65%     68.26% |       15513      2.64%     70.90% |       15515      2.65%     73.55% |       15517      2.65%     76.19% |       15515      2.65%     78.84% |       15509      2.64%     81.48% |       15512      2.64%     84.12% |       15523      2.65%     86.77% |       15526      2.65%     89.42% |       15517      2.65%     92.06% |       15512      2.64%     94.71% |       15521      2.65%     97.35% |       15521      2.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1275     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     91.73%     91.73% |           0      0.00%     91.73% |           0      0.00%     91.73% |           1      0.75%     92.48% |           1      0.75%     93.23% |           0      0.00%     93.23% |           1      0.75%     93.98% |           2      1.50%     95.49% |           1      0.75%     96.24% |           1      0.75%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |           1      0.75%     97.74% |           1      0.75%     98.50% |           1      0.75%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           1      0.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506198     48.70%     48.70% |           0      0.00%     48.70% |       33154      3.19%     51.89% |       33394      3.21%     55.10% |       33362      3.21%     58.31% |       33362      3.21%     61.52% |       33324      3.21%     64.72% |       33335      3.21%     67.93% |       33387      3.21%     71.14% |       33319      3.21%     74.35% |       33341      3.21%     77.55% |       33273      3.20%     80.76% |       33395      3.21%     83.97% |       33338      3.21%     87.18% |       33347      3.21%     90.38% |       33294      3.20%     93.59% |       33275      3.20%     96.79% |       33398      3.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1039496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     23.08%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           3     23.08%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3801      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.73% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3754      3.02%     21.02% |        3280      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3962      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3738      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3381      2.72%     61.77% |        3061      2.47%     64.23% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.62% |        3244      2.61%     81.24% |        4616      3.72%     84.96% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5207      4.19%     92.35% |        5074      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55087     11.80%     11.80% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12702      2.72%     17.50% |       13623      2.92%     20.42% |       12824      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12292      2.63%     28.52% |       12560      2.69%     31.21% |       12952      2.77%     33.98% |       12823      2.75%     36.73% |       14963      3.21%     39.94% |       13309      2.85%     42.79% |       12869      2.76%     45.55% |       12829      2.75%     48.30% |       12201      2.61%     50.91% |       12582      2.70%     53.60% |       13687      2.93%     56.54% |       12733      2.73%     59.27% |       13121      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.89% |       13663      2.93%     67.82% |       16804      3.60%     71.42% |       12794      2.74%     74.16% |       12926      2.77%     76.93% |       12868      2.76%     79.69% |       13008      2.79%     82.47% |       12534      2.69%     85.16% |       12247      2.62%     87.78% |       13272      2.84%     90.63% |       12626      2.71%     93.33% |       13624      2.92%     96.25% |       17496      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22433      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16832      2.87%     21.81% |       17154      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17180      2.93%     30.64% |       17612      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      2.99%     36.64% |       17678      3.01%     39.65% |       17489      2.98%     42.63% |       17425      2.97%     45.60% |       17621      3.00%     48.60% |       17855      3.04%     51.65% |       17594      3.00%     54.65% |       17894      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18471      3.15%     64.00% |       20247      3.45%     67.45% |       18480      3.15%     70.60% |       18331      3.12%     73.73% |       18416      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18651      3.18%     83.16% |       18646      3.18%     86.34% |       19430      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75425      7.26%      7.26% |       32514      3.13%     10.38% |       29127      2.80%     13.19% |       32023      3.08%     16.27% |       29424      2.83%     19.10% |       29317      2.82%     21.92% |       28743      2.77%     24.68% |       29335      2.82%     27.50% |       30039      2.89%     30.39% |       29637      2.85%     33.25% |       32177      3.10%     36.34% |       30515      2.94%     39.28% |       30169      2.90%     42.18% |       29952      2.88%     45.06% |       29244      2.81%     47.87% |       29844      2.87%     50.74% |       31138      3.00%     53.74% |       29973      2.88%     56.62% |       30616      2.95%     59.57% |       31276      3.01%     62.58% |       31746      3.05%     65.63% |       36625      3.52%     69.15% |       30904      2.97%     72.13% |       30894      2.97%     75.10% |       30911      2.97%     78.07% |       30889      2.97%     81.04% |       30822      2.97%     84.01% |       30523      2.94%     86.95% |       32333      3.11%     90.06% |       31801      3.06%     93.12% |       33793      3.25%     96.37% |       37769      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1039498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           1      5.00%     70.00% |           4     20.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17830      3.82%      3.82% |       14456      3.10%      6.92% |       14473      3.10%     10.02% |       14455      3.10%     13.12% |       14439      3.10%     16.22% |       14450      3.10%     19.32% |       14465      3.10%     22.42% |       14460      3.10%     25.52% |       14469      3.10%     28.62% |       14482      3.10%     31.72% |       14476      3.10%     34.83% |       14466      3.10%     37.93% |       14451      3.10%     41.03% |       14466      3.10%     44.13% |       14462      3.10%     47.23% |       14458      3.10%     50.33% |       14527      3.11%     53.44% |       14484      3.11%     56.55% |       14490      3.11%     59.65% |       14485      3.11%     62.76% |       14474      3.10%     65.86% |       14491      3.11%     68.97% |       14479      3.10%     72.07% |       14483      3.10%     75.18% |       14496      3.11%     78.28% |       14496      3.11%     81.39% |       14480      3.10%     84.50% |       14474      3.10%     87.60% |       14472      3.10%     90.70% |       14454      3.10%     93.80% |       14459      3.10%     96.90% |       14459      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       466461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8848      3.21%      3.21% |        8643      3.14%      6.35% |        8652      3.14%      9.50% |        8594      3.12%     12.62% |        8578      3.12%     15.74% |        8545      3.10%     18.84% |        8558      3.11%     21.95% |        8579      3.12%     25.07% |        8577      3.12%     28.18% |        8629      3.14%     31.32% |        8648      3.14%     34.46% |        8604      3.13%     37.59% |        8634      3.14%     40.72% |        8587      3.12%     43.84% |        8622      3.13%     46.98% |        8555      3.11%     50.09% |        8700      3.16%     53.25% |        8587      3.12%     56.37% |        8587      3.12%     59.49% |        8563      3.11%     62.60% |        8577      3.12%     65.71% |        8597      3.12%     68.84% |        8574      3.12%     71.95% |        8536      3.10%     75.05% |        8582      3.12%     78.17% |        8625      3.13%     81.30% |        8596      3.12%     84.43% |        8538      3.10%     87.53% |        8587      3.12%     90.65% |        8603      3.13%     93.78% |        8571      3.11%     96.89% |        8561      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       275237                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27792      3.58%      3.58% |       24146      3.11%      6.70% |       24172      3.12%      9.82% |       24096      3.11%     12.93% |       24063      3.10%     16.03% |       24041      3.10%     19.13% |       24069      3.10%     22.24% |       24085      3.11%     25.34% |       24092      3.11%     28.45% |       24157      3.12%     31.57% |       24170      3.12%     34.68% |       24116      3.11%     37.79% |       24131      3.11%     40.91% |       24099      3.11%     44.02% |       24130      3.11%     47.13% |       24059      3.10%     50.23% |       24273      3.13%     53.36% |       24117      3.11%     56.47% |       24123      3.11%     59.59% |       24094      3.11%     62.69% |       24097      3.11%     65.80% |       24134      3.11%     68.91% |       24099      3.11%     72.02% |       24065      3.10%     75.13% |       24124      3.11%     78.24% |       24167      3.12%     81.36% |       24122      3.11%     84.47% |       24057      3.10%     87.57% |       24105      3.11%     90.68% |       24103      3.11%     93.79% |       24076      3.11%     96.90% |       24066      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       775240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26768      3.61%      3.61% |       23122      3.11%      6.72% |       23148      3.12%      9.84% |       23072      3.11%     12.94% |       23039      3.10%     16.05% |       23017      3.10%     19.15% |       23045      3.10%     22.25% |       23061      3.11%     25.36% |       23068      3.11%     28.46% |       23133      3.12%     31.58% |       23146      3.12%     34.70% |       23092      3.11%     37.81% |       23107      3.11%     40.92% |       23075      3.11%     44.03% |       23106      3.11%     47.14% |       23035      3.10%     50.24% |       23249      3.13%     53.37% |       23093      3.11%     56.48% |       23099      3.11%     59.59% |       23070      3.11%     62.70% |       23073      3.11%     65.81% |       23110      3.11%     68.92% |       23075      3.11%     72.03% |       23041      3.10%     75.13% |       23100      3.11%     78.24% |       23143      3.12%     81.36% |       23098      3.11%     84.47% |       23033      3.10%     87.57% |       23081      3.11%     90.68% |       23079      3.11%     93.79% |       23052      3.10%     96.90% |       23042      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       742472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          83      8.45%      8.45% |          26      2.65%     11.10% |          32      3.26%     14.36% |          35      3.56%     17.92% |          31      3.16%     21.08% |          31      3.16%     24.24% |          30      3.05%     27.29% |          30      3.05%     30.35% |          32      3.26%     33.60% |          29      2.95%     36.56% |          37      3.77%     40.33% |          33      3.36%     43.69% |          36      3.67%     47.35% |          27      2.75%     50.10% |          28      2.85%     52.95% |          27      2.75%     55.70% |          29      2.95%     58.66% |          20      2.04%     60.69% |          26      2.65%     63.34% |          28      2.85%     66.19% |          37      3.77%     69.96% |          40      4.07%     74.03% |          29      2.95%     76.99% |          25      2.55%     79.53% |          24      2.44%     81.98% |          22      2.24%     84.22% |          24      2.44%     86.66% |          26      2.65%     89.31% |          26      2.65%     91.96% |          25      2.55%     94.50% |          29      2.95%     97.45% |          25      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          20     32.79%     32.79% |           0      0.00%     32.79% |           0      0.00%     32.79% |          15     24.59%     57.38% |           0      0.00%     57.38% |           1      1.64%     59.02% |           0      0.00%     59.02% |           1      1.64%     60.66% |           1      1.64%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           0      0.00%     62.30% |           7     11.48%     73.77% |           0      0.00%     73.77% |           0      0.00%     73.77% |          14     22.95%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           0      0.00%     96.72% |           2      3.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           61                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          23     16.20%     16.20% |           2      1.41%     17.61% |           1      0.70%     18.31% |          21     14.79%     33.10% |           3      2.11%     35.21% |           3      2.11%     37.32% |           4      2.82%     40.14% |           3      2.11%     42.25% |           5      3.52%     45.77% |           3      2.11%     47.89% |           2      1.41%     49.30% |           2      1.41%     50.70% |           3      2.11%     52.82% |           3      2.11%     54.93% |           4      2.82%     57.75% |           3      2.11%     59.86% |          10      7.04%     66.90% |           1      0.70%     67.61% |           2      1.41%     69.01% |          14      9.86%     78.87% |           1      0.70%     79.58% |           0      0.00%     79.58% |           1      0.70%     80.28% |           2      1.41%     81.69% |           3      2.11%     83.80% |           5      3.52%     87.32% |           4      2.82%     90.14% |           5      3.52%     93.66% |           3      2.11%     95.77% |           2      1.41%     97.18% |           2      1.41%     98.59% |           2      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         562      3.55%      3.55% |         488      3.08%      6.63% |         480      3.03%      9.66% |         484      3.06%     12.72% |         480      3.03%     15.75% |         476      3.01%     18.75% |         489      3.09%     21.84% |         486      3.07%     24.91% |         480      3.03%     27.94% |         483      3.05%     30.99% |         522      3.30%     34.28% |         500      3.16%     37.44% |         519      3.28%     40.72% |         497      3.14%     43.85% |         516      3.26%     47.11% |         502      3.17%     50.28% |         523      3.30%     53.58% |         502      3.17%     56.75% |         489      3.09%     59.84% |         476      3.01%     62.84% |         460      2.90%     65.75% |         504      3.18%     68.93% |         478      3.02%     71.95% |         468      2.95%     74.90% |         503      3.18%     78.08% |         523      3.30%     81.38% |         510      3.22%     84.60% |         476      3.01%     87.61% |         487      3.07%     90.68% |         498      3.14%     93.83% |         498      3.14%     96.97% |         480      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15839                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          21     15.11%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |           1      0.72%     17.27% |          18     12.95%     30.22% |           3      2.16%     32.37% |           3      2.16%     34.53% |           4      2.88%     37.41% |           3      2.16%     39.57% |           5      3.60%     43.17% |           3      2.16%     45.32% |           2      1.44%     46.76% |           2      1.44%     48.20% |           3      2.16%     50.36% |           3      2.16%     52.52% |           4      2.88%     55.40% |           3      2.16%     57.55% |          10      7.19%     64.75% |           1      0.72%     65.47% |           2      1.44%     66.91% |          14     10.07%     76.98% |           1      0.72%     77.70% |           0      0.00%     77.70% |           1      0.72%     78.42% |           2      1.44%     79.86% |           3      2.16%     82.01% |           5      3.60%     85.61% |           4      2.88%     88.49% |           7      5.04%     93.53% |           3      2.16%     95.68% |           2      1.44%     97.12% |           2      1.44%     98.56% |           2      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75921      7.22%      7.22% |       32864      3.13%     10.35% |       29485      2.81%     13.15% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29780      2.83%     19.07% |       29677      2.82%     21.89% |       29096      2.77%     24.66% |       29693      2.82%     27.49% |       30401      2.89%     30.38% |       29992      2.85%     33.23% |       32550      3.10%     36.33% |       30865      2.94%     39.27% |       30529      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.05% |       29594      2.82%     47.87% |       30190      2.87%     50.74% |       31512      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.62% |       30953      2.94%     59.57% |       31637      3.01%     62.58% |       32117      3.06%     65.63% |       37025      3.52%     69.16% |       31265      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.10% |       31263      2.97%     78.08% |       31239      2.97%     81.05% |       31175      2.97%     84.02% |       30880      2.94%     86.95% |       32689      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34152      3.25%     96.37% |       38126      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.29%      3.29% |         421      3.12%      6.41% |         415      3.07%      9.48% |         404      2.99%     12.47% |         410      3.04%     15.51% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         415      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         417      3.09%     30.74% |         442      3.27%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.25% |         452      3.35%     40.60% |         428      3.17%     43.77% |         449      3.32%     47.09% |         441      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.94% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.16% |         385      2.85%     66.01% |         408      3.02%     69.03% |         404      2.99%     72.02% |         395      2.92%     74.95% |         427      3.16%     78.11% |         447      3.31%     81.42% |         437      3.24%     84.65% |         402      2.98%     87.63% |         415      3.07%     90.70% |         427      3.16%     93.86% |         427      3.16%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12347      4.33%      4.33% |        8854      3.10%      7.43% |        8877      3.11%     10.54% |        8811      3.09%     13.63% |        8782      3.08%     16.71% |        8762      3.07%     19.78% |        8771      3.07%     22.85% |        8796      3.08%     25.93% |        8807      3.09%     29.02% |        8855      3.10%     32.12% |        8858      3.10%     35.23% |        8788      3.08%     38.31% |        8801      3.08%     41.39% |        8790      3.08%     44.47% |        8803      3.09%     47.56% |        8746      3.07%     50.62% |        8895      3.12%     53.74% |        8791      3.08%     56.82% |        8802      3.08%     59.91% |        8799      3.08%     62.99% |        8809      3.09%     66.08% |        8817      3.09%     69.17% |        8820      3.09%     72.26% |        8783      3.08%     75.33% |        8798      3.08%     78.42% |        8831      3.09%     81.51% |        8796      3.08%     84.60% |        8777      3.08%     87.67% |        8815      3.09%     90.76% |        8802      3.08%     93.85% |        8767      3.07%     96.92% |        8795      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       285345                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       15000      3.15%      3.15% |       14871      3.12%      6.27% |       14880      3.12%      9.39% |       14881      3.12%     12.52% |       14871      3.12%     15.64% |       14878      3.12%     18.76% |       14883      3.12%     21.89% |       14872      3.12%     25.01% |       14878      3.12%     28.13% |       14885      3.12%     31.26% |       14870      3.12%     34.38% |       14890      3.13%     37.50% |       14878      3.12%     40.63% |       14881      3.12%     43.75% |       14878      3.12%     46.87% |       14872      3.12%     49.99% |       14928      3.13%     53.13% |       14886      3.12%     56.25% |       14887      3.12%     59.38% |       14889      3.13%     62.50% |       14903      3.13%     65.63% |       14909      3.13%     68.76% |       14875      3.12%     71.88% |       14887      3.12%     75.01% |       14899      3.13%     78.14% |       14889      3.13%     81.26% |       14889      3.13%     84.39% |       14879      3.12%     87.51% |       14875      3.12%     90.63% |       14874      3.12%     93.75% |       14882      3.12%     96.88% |       14869      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1564     82.01%     82.01% |          12      0.63%     82.64% |          13      0.68%     83.32% |          24      1.26%     84.58% |          13      0.68%     85.26% |          82      4.30%     89.56% |          22      1.15%     90.72% |           8      0.42%     91.14% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.29% |           3      0.16%     92.45% |           3      0.16%     92.61% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.92% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1907                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          13     10.32%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           2      1.59%     14.29% |          10      7.94%     22.22% |           3      2.38%     24.60% |           5      3.97%     28.57% |           6      4.76%     33.33% |           3      2.38%     35.71% |           5      3.97%     39.68% |           3      2.38%     42.06% |           2      1.59%     43.65% |           2      1.59%     45.24% |           4      3.17%     48.41% |           3      2.38%     50.79% |           5      3.97%     54.76% |           3      2.38%     57.14% |          10      7.94%     65.08% |           1      0.79%     65.87% |           3      2.38%     68.25% |           6      4.76%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         455      3.37%      3.37% |         421      3.11%      6.48% |         412      3.05%      9.53% |         412      3.05%     12.58% |         411      3.04%     15.62% |         402      2.97%     18.59% |         418      3.09%     21.68% |         416      3.08%     24.76% |         407      3.01%     27.77% |         415      3.07%     30.84% |         444      3.28%     34.12% |         438      3.24%     37.36% |         450      3.33%     40.69% |         428      3.17%     43.86% |         448      3.31%     47.17% |         438      3.24%     50.41% |         448      3.31%     53.73% |         439      3.25%     56.98% |         432      3.20%     60.17% |         410      3.03%     63.20% |         385      2.85%     66.05% |         406      3.00%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         398      2.94%     74.99% |         430      3.18%     78.17% |         449      3.32%     81.49% |         437      3.23%     84.72% |         400      2.96%     87.68% |         413      3.06%     90.74% |         425      3.14%     93.88% |         424      3.14%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41145     22.97%     22.97% |        5021      2.80%     25.77% |        3806      2.12%     27.89% |        4766      2.66%     30.55% |        4019      2.24%     32.80% |        3842      2.14%     34.94% |        3494      1.95%     36.89% |        3744      2.09%     38.98% |        4125      2.30%     41.28% |        3958      2.21%     43.49% |        6081      3.39%     46.89% |        4507      2.52%     49.40% |        4053      2.26%     51.67% |        4024      2.25%     53.91% |        3366      1.88%     55.79% |        3825      2.14%     57.93% |        4767      2.66%     60.59% |        3930      2.19%     62.78% |        4248      2.37%     65.15% |        4326      2.41%     67.57% |        4845      2.70%     70.27% |        7972      4.45%     74.72% |        3966      2.21%     76.93% |        4133      2.31%     79.24% |        4052      2.26%     81.50% |        4156      2.32%     83.82% |        3727      2.08%     85.90% |        3456      1.93%     87.83% |        4447      2.48%     90.31% |        3817      2.13%     92.44% |        4848      2.71%     95.15% |        8689      4.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       179155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7390      6.71%      6.71% |        4112      3.73%     10.45% |        1920      1.74%     12.19% |        3934      3.57%     15.76% |        2108      1.91%     17.68% |        2195      1.99%     19.67% |        1948      1.77%     21.44% |        2281      2.07%     23.51% |        2590      2.35%     25.87% |        2294      2.08%     27.95% |        2741      2.49%     30.44% |        2679      2.43%     32.87% |        2793      2.54%     35.41% |        2607      2.37%     37.78% |        2545      2.31%     40.09% |        2747      2.50%     42.58% |        2907      2.64%     45.22% |        2705      2.46%     47.68% |        3003      2.73%     50.41% |        3620      3.29%     53.70% |        3560      3.23%     56.93% |        5327      4.84%     61.77% |        3604      3.27%     65.04% |        3443      3.13%     68.17% |        3513      3.19%     71.36% |        3363      3.05%     74.42% |        3760      3.42%     77.83% |        3764      3.42%     81.25% |        4552      4.13%     85.38% |        4664      4.24%     89.62% |        5655      5.14%     94.76% |        5773      5.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       110097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17803      3.82%      3.82% |       14443      3.10%      6.92% |       14459      3.10%     10.02% |       14435      3.10%     13.12% |       14426      3.10%     16.22% |       14434      3.10%     19.31% |       14448      3.10%     22.41% |       14446      3.10%     25.51% |       14453      3.10%     28.62% |       14468      3.10%     31.72% |       14465      3.10%     34.83% |       14455      3.10%     37.93% |       14439      3.10%     41.03% |       14453      3.10%     44.13% |       14446      3.10%     47.23% |       14443      3.10%     50.33% |       14504      3.11%     53.44% |       14474      3.11%     56.55% |       14477      3.11%     59.65% |       14469      3.11%     62.76% |       14461      3.10%     65.86% |       14477      3.11%     68.97% |       14467      3.10%     72.07% |       14472      3.11%     75.18% |       14484      3.11%     78.29% |       14482      3.11%     81.39% |       14463      3.10%     84.50% |       14456      3.10%     87.60% |       14455      3.10%     90.70% |       14439      3.10%     93.80% |       14444      3.10%     96.90% |       14446      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       465986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8286      3.20%      3.20% |        8144      3.14%      6.34% |        8155      3.15%      9.49% |        8098      3.13%     12.62% |        8083      3.12%     15.74% |        8056      3.11%     18.85% |        8060      3.11%     21.96% |        8080      3.12%     25.08% |        8085      3.12%     28.20% |        8134      3.14%     31.34% |        8102      3.13%     34.47% |        8084      3.12%     37.59% |        8094      3.12%     40.71% |        8079      3.12%     43.83% |        8098      3.13%     46.96% |        8044      3.11%     50.07% |        8174      3.16%     53.22% |        8076      3.12%     56.34% |        8087      3.12%     59.46% |        8075      3.12%     62.58% |        8094      3.12%     65.70% |        8067      3.11%     68.82% |        8080      3.12%     71.94% |        8057      3.11%     75.05% |        8070      3.12%     78.16% |        8099      3.13%     81.29% |        8083      3.12%     84.41% |        8059      3.11%     87.52% |        8094      3.12%     90.65% |        8097      3.13%     93.77% |        8061      3.11%     96.88% |        8071      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       259026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          21     15.11%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |           1      0.72%     17.27% |          18     12.95%     30.22% |           3      2.16%     32.37% |           3      2.16%     34.53% |           4      2.88%     37.41% |           3      2.16%     39.57% |           5      3.60%     43.17% |           3      2.16%     45.32% |           2      1.44%     46.76% |           2      1.44%     48.20% |           3      2.16%     50.36% |           3      2.16%     52.52% |           4      2.88%     55.40% |           3      2.16%     57.55% |          10      7.19%     64.75% |           1      0.72%     65.47% |           2      1.44%     66.91% |          14     10.07%     76.98% |           1      0.72%     77.70% |           0      0.00%     77.70% |           1      0.72%     78.42% |           2      1.44%     79.86% |           3      2.16%     82.01% |           5      3.60%     85.61% |           4      2.88%     88.49% |           7      5.04%     93.53% |           3      2.16%     95.68% |           2      1.44%     97.12% |           2      1.44%     98.56% |           2      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          38     73.08%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |           0      0.00%     73.08% |          14     26.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75425      7.26%      7.26% |       32514      3.13%     10.38% |       29127      2.80%     13.19% |       32021      3.08%     16.27% |       29424      2.83%     19.10% |       29317      2.82%     21.92% |       28743      2.77%     24.68% |       29335      2.82%     27.50% |       30039      2.89%     30.39% |       29637      2.85%     33.25% |       32177      3.10%     36.34% |       30515      2.94%     39.28% |       30169      2.90%     42.18% |       29952      2.88%     45.06% |       29244      2.81%     47.87% |       29844      2.87%     50.74% |       31138      3.00%     53.74% |       29973      2.88%     56.62% |       30616      2.95%     59.57% |       31276      3.01%     62.58% |       31746      3.05%     65.63% |       36625      3.52%     69.15% |       30904      2.97%     72.13% |       30894      2.97%     75.10% |       30911      2.97%     78.07% |       30889      2.97%     81.04% |       30822      2.97%     84.01% |       30523      2.94%     86.95% |       32333      3.11%     90.06% |       31801      3.06%     93.12% |       33793      3.25%     96.37% |       37769      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1039496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          14      4.01%      4.01% |          10      2.87%      6.88% |          12      3.44%     10.32% |          10      2.87%     13.18% |          10      2.87%     16.05% |          11      3.15%     19.20% |          11      3.15%     22.35% |          11      3.15%     25.50% |          11      3.15%     28.65% |          11      3.15%     31.81% |           9      2.58%     34.38% |           9      2.58%     36.96% |           8      2.29%     39.26% |          10      2.87%     42.12% |          11      3.15%     45.27% |          12      3.44%     48.71% |          13      3.72%     52.44% |           9      2.58%     55.01% |          10      2.87%     57.88% |          10      2.87%     60.74% |          12      3.44%     64.18% |          14      4.01%     68.19% |          11      3.15%     71.35% |           9      2.58%     73.93% |           8      2.29%     76.22% |           9      2.58%     78.80% |          12      3.44%     82.23% |          12      3.44%     85.67% |          14      4.01%     89.68% |          13      3.72%     93.41% |          13      3.72%     97.13% |          10      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          349                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         107      3.97%      3.97% |          78      2.90%      6.87% |          85      3.16%     10.03% |          84      3.12%     13.15% |          84      3.12%     16.26% |          87      3.23%     19.49% |          80      2.97%     22.47% |          83      3.08%     25.55% |          85      3.16%     28.70% |          80      2.97%     31.67% |         102      3.79%     35.46% |          82      3.04%     38.51% |          90      3.34%     41.85% |          80      2.97%     44.82% |          76      2.82%     47.64% |          73      2.71%     50.35% |          78      2.90%     53.25% |          72      2.67%     55.92% |          68      2.53%     58.45% |          78      2.90%     61.34% |          98      3.64%     64.98% |         124      4.60%     69.59% |          90      3.34%     72.93% |          81      3.01%     75.94% |          82      3.04%     78.98% |          77      2.86%     81.84% |          76      2.82%     84.66% |          79      2.93%     87.60% |          80      2.97%     90.57% |          81      3.01%     93.58% |          86      3.19%     96.77% |          87      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           2      6.90%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           2      6.90%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           6     20.69%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           7     24.14%     65.52% |           4     13.79%     79.31% |           6     20.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           8      4.06%      4.06% |           4      2.03%      6.09% |           5      2.54%      8.63% |           4      2.03%     10.66% |           7      3.55%     14.21% |           2      1.02%     15.23% |           1      0.51%     15.74% |           9      4.57%     20.30% |           8      4.06%     24.37% |           7      3.55%     27.92% |           6      3.05%     30.96% |           9      4.57%     35.53% |           9      4.57%     40.10% |           9      4.57%     44.67% |           8      4.06%     48.73% |           6      3.05%     51.78% |           9      4.57%     56.35% |           6      3.05%     59.39% |           4      2.03%     61.42% |           5      2.54%     63.96% |           8      4.06%     68.02% |           6      3.05%     71.07% |           5      2.54%     73.60% |           6      3.05%     76.65% |          10      5.08%     81.73% |           8      4.06%     85.79% |           4      2.03%     87.82% |           4      2.03%     89.85% |           7      3.55%     93.40% |           5      2.54%     95.94% |           6      3.05%     98.98% |           2      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.38%      2.38% |           1      2.38%      4.76% |           1      2.38%      7.14% |           1      2.38%      9.52% |           1      2.38%     11.90% |           0      0.00%     11.90% |           3      7.14%     19.05% |           1      2.38%     21.43% |           1      2.38%     23.81% |           2      4.76%     28.57% |           6     14.29%     42.86% |           2      4.76%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           7     16.67%     66.67% |           4      9.52%     76.19% |           1      2.38%     78.57% |           1      2.38%     80.95% |           3      7.14%     88.10% |           0      0.00%     88.10% |           1      2.38%     90.48% |           1      2.38%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26768      3.61%      3.61% |       23122      3.11%      6.72% |       23148      3.12%      9.84% |       23072      3.11%     12.94% |       23039      3.10%     16.05% |       23017      3.10%     19.15% |       23045      3.10%     22.25% |       23061      3.11%     25.36% |       23068      3.11%     28.46% |       23133      3.12%     31.58% |       23146      3.12%     34.70% |       23092      3.11%     37.81% |       23107      3.11%     40.92% |       23075      3.11%     44.03% |       23106      3.11%     47.14% |       23035      3.10%     50.24% |       23249      3.13%     53.37% |       23093      3.11%     56.48% |       23099      3.11%     59.59% |       23070      3.11%     62.70% |       23073      3.11%     65.81% |       23110      3.11%     68.92% |       23075      3.11%     72.03% |       23041      3.10%     75.13% |       23100      3.11%     78.24% |       23143      3.12%     81.36% |       23098      3.11%     84.47% |       23033      3.10%     87.57% |       23081      3.11%     90.68% |       23079      3.11%     93.79% |       23052      3.10%     96.90% |       23042      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       742472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     65.85%     65.85% |           0      0.00%     65.85% |           1      1.22%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           0      0.00%     67.07% |           1      1.22%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           1      1.22%     69.51% |           1      1.22%     70.73% |           2      2.44%     73.17% |           2      2.44%     75.61% |           1      1.22%     76.83% |           2      2.44%     79.27% |           2      2.44%     81.71% |           1      1.22%     82.93% |           2      2.44%     85.37% |           1      1.22%     86.59% |           2      2.44%     89.02% |           2      2.44%     91.46% |           3      3.66%     95.12% |           2      2.44%     97.56% |           2      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          14      4.38%      4.38% |          10      3.12%      7.50% |          11      3.44%     10.94% |          10      3.12%     14.06% |          10      3.12%     17.19% |          10      3.12%     20.31% |          11      3.44%     23.75% |          11      3.44%     27.19% |          10      3.12%     30.31% |          11      3.44%     33.75% |           8      2.50%     36.25% |           9      2.81%     39.06% |           8      2.50%     41.56% |          10      3.12%     44.69% |          11      3.44%     48.12% |          12      3.75%     51.88% |          12      3.75%     55.62% |           8      2.50%     58.13% |           8      2.50%     60.63% |           8      2.50%     63.13% |          11      3.44%     66.56% |          12      3.75%     70.31% |           9      2.81%     73.12% |           9      2.81%     75.94% |           6      1.88%     77.81% |           8      2.50%     80.31% |          10      3.12%     83.44% |          10      3.12%     86.56% |          11      3.44%     90.00% |          11      3.44%     93.44% |          11      3.44%     96.88% |          10      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total          320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           7     87.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          26      3.18%      3.18% |          24      2.94%      6.12% |          30      3.67%      9.79% |          32      3.92%     13.71% |          28      3.43%     17.14% |          28      3.43%     20.56% |          26      3.18%     23.75% |          27      3.30%     27.05% |          27      3.30%     30.35% |          26      3.18%     33.54% |          34      4.16%     37.70% |          31      3.79%     41.49% |          33      4.04%     45.53% |          24      2.94%     48.47% |          24      2.94%     51.41% |          24      2.94%     54.35% |          25      3.06%     57.41% |          18      2.20%     59.61% |          22      2.69%     62.30% |          26      3.18%     65.48% |          35      4.28%     69.77% |          38      4.65%     74.42% |          26      3.18%     77.60% |          22      2.69%     80.29% |          19      2.33%     82.62% |          16      1.96%     84.58% |          18      2.20%     86.78% |          19      2.33%     89.11% |          20      2.45%     91.55% |          21      2.57%     94.12% |          25      3.06%     97.18% |          23      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          817                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          80      4.27%      4.27% |          54      2.88%      7.15% |          55      2.93%     10.08% |          52      2.77%     12.85% |          56      2.99%     15.84% |          59      3.15%     18.99% |          54      2.88%     21.87% |          56      2.99%     24.85% |          58      3.09%     27.95% |          54      2.88%     30.83% |          68      3.63%     34.45% |          51      2.72%     37.17% |          57      3.04%     40.21% |          56      2.99%     43.20% |          52      2.77%     45.97% |          49      2.61%     48.59% |          53      2.83%     51.41% |          54      2.88%     54.29% |          46      2.45%     56.75% |          52      2.77%     59.52% |          63      3.36%     62.88% |          86      4.59%     67.47% |          64      3.41%     70.88% |          59      3.15%     74.03% |          63      3.36%     77.39% |          61      3.25%     80.64% |          58      3.09%     83.73% |          60      3.20%     86.93% |          60      3.20%     90.13% |          60      3.20%     93.33% |          61      3.25%     96.59% |          64      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          10     37.04%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           9     33.33%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           0      0.00%     70.37% |           8     29.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         455      3.37%      3.37% |         421      3.11%      6.48% |         412      3.05%      9.53% |         412      3.05%     12.58% |         411      3.04%     15.62% |         402      2.97%     18.59% |         418      3.09%     21.68% |         416      3.08%     24.76% |         407      3.01%     27.77% |         415      3.07%     30.84% |         444      3.28%     34.12% |         438      3.24%     37.36% |         450      3.33%     40.69% |         428      3.17%     43.86% |         448      3.31%     47.17% |         438      3.24%     50.41% |         448      3.31%     53.73% |         439      3.25%     56.98% |         432      3.20%     60.17% |         410      3.03%     63.20% |         385      2.85%     66.05% |         406      3.00%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         398      2.94%     74.99% |         430      3.18%     78.17% |         449      3.32%     81.49% |         437      3.23%     84.72% |         400      2.96%     87.68% |         413      3.06%     90.74% |         425      3.14%     93.88% |         424      3.14%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          13     11.30%     11.30% |           2      1.74%     13.04% |           1      0.87%     13.91% |          12     10.43%     24.35% |           3      2.61%     26.96% |           3      2.61%     29.57% |           4      3.48%     33.04% |           3      2.61%     35.65% |           5      4.35%     40.00% |           3      2.61%     42.61% |           2      1.74%     44.35% |           2      1.74%     46.09% |           3      2.61%     48.70% |           3      2.61%     51.30% |           4      3.48%     54.78% |           3      2.61%     57.39% |          10      8.70%     66.09% |           1      0.87%     66.96% |           2      1.74%     68.70% |           6      5.22%     73.91% |           1      0.87%     74.78% |           0      0.00%     74.78% |           1      0.87%     75.65% |           2      1.74%     77.39% |           3      2.61%     80.00% |           5      4.35%     84.35% |           4      3.48%     87.83% |           5      4.35%     92.17% |           3      2.61%     94.78% |           2      1.74%     96.52% |           2      1.74%     98.26% |           2      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          13     10.32%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           2      1.59%     14.29% |          10      7.94%     22.22% |           3      2.38%     24.60% |           5      3.97%     28.57% |           6      4.76%     33.33% |           3      2.38%     35.71% |           5      3.97%     39.68% |           3      2.38%     42.06% |           2      1.59%     43.65% |           2      1.59%     45.24% |           4      3.17%     48.41% |           3      2.38%     50.79% |           5      3.97%     54.76% |           3      2.38%     57.14% |          10      7.94%     65.08% |           1      0.79%     65.87% |           3      2.38%     68.25% |           6      4.76%     73.02% |           1      0.79%     73.81% |           0      0.00%     73.81% |           1      0.79%     74.60% |           2      1.59%     76.19% |           4      3.17%     79.37% |           5      3.97%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           6      4.76%     92.06% |           3      2.38%     94.44% |           2      1.59%     96.03% |           2      1.59%     97.62% |           3      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12345      4.33%      4.33% |        8854      3.10%      7.43% |        8877      3.11%     10.54% |        8811      3.09%     13.63% |        8782      3.08%     16.71% |        8762      3.07%     19.78% |        8771      3.07%     22.85% |        8796      3.08%     25.93% |        8807      3.09%     29.02% |        8855      3.10%     32.12% |        8858      3.10%     35.23% |        8788      3.08%     38.31% |        8801      3.08%     41.39% |        8790      3.08%     44.47% |        8803      3.09%     47.56% |        8746      3.07%     50.62% |        8895      3.12%     53.74% |        8791      3.08%     56.82% |        8802      3.08%     59.90% |        8799      3.08%     62.99% |        8809      3.09%     66.08% |        8817      3.09%     69.17% |        8820      3.09%     72.26% |        8783      3.08%     75.33% |        8798      3.08%     78.42% |        8831      3.09%     81.51% |        8796      3.08%     84.60% |        8777      3.08%     87.67% |        8815      3.09%     90.76% |        8802      3.08%     93.85% |        8767      3.07%     96.92% |        8795      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       285343                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         421      3.12%      6.43% |         415      3.07%      9.50% |         404      2.99%     12.49% |         410      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.49% |         415      3.07%     21.56% |         417      3.09%     24.65% |         407      3.01%     27.66% |         417      3.09%     30.75% |         442      3.27%     34.02% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.10% |         441      3.26%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         385      2.85%     66.02% |         408      3.02%     69.04% |         404      2.99%     72.03% |         395      2.92%     74.96% |         427      3.16%     78.12% |         447      3.31%     81.43% |         437      3.23%     84.66% |         401      2.97%     87.63% |         415      3.07%     90.70% |         427      3.16%     93.86% |         427      3.16%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       15000      3.15%      3.15% |       14871      3.12%      6.27% |       14880      3.12%      9.39% |       14881      3.12%     12.52% |       14871      3.12%     15.64% |       14878      3.12%     18.76% |       14883      3.12%     21.89% |       14872      3.12%     25.01% |       14878      3.12%     28.13% |       14885      3.12%     31.26% |       14870      3.12%     34.38% |       14890      3.13%     37.50% |       14878      3.12%     40.63% |       14881      3.12%     43.75% |       14878      3.12%     46.87% |       14872      3.12%     49.99% |       14928      3.13%     53.13% |       14886      3.12%     56.25% |       14887      3.12%     59.38% |       14889      3.13%     62.50% |       14903      3.13%     65.63% |       14909      3.13%     68.76% |       14875      3.12%     71.88% |       14887      3.12%     75.01% |       14899      3.13%     78.14% |       14889      3.13%     81.26% |       14889      3.13%     84.39% |       14879      3.12%     87.51% |       14875      3.12%     90.63% |       14874      3.12%     93.75% |       14882      3.12%     96.88% |       14869      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75918      7.22%      7.22% |       32858      3.13%     10.35% |       29483      2.81%     13.15% |       32392      3.08%     16.24% |       29780      2.83%     19.07% |       29677      2.82%     21.89% |       29096      2.77%     24.66% |       29693      2.83%     27.49% |       30400      2.89%     30.38% |       29992      2.85%     33.23% |       32550      3.10%     36.33% |       30864      2.94%     39.27% |       30525      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.05% |       29592      2.82%     47.87% |       30190      2.87%     50.74% |       31511      3.00%     53.74% |       30312      2.88%     56.62% |       30940      2.94%     59.57% |       31634      3.01%     62.58% |       32117      3.06%     65.63% |       37025      3.52%     69.16% |       31265      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.10% |       31262      2.97%     78.08% |       31239      2.97%     81.05% |       31172      2.97%     84.02% |       30876      2.94%     86.95% |       32689      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34152      3.25%     96.37% |       38126      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           3      3.70%      3.70% |           2      2.47%      6.17% |           1      1.23%      7.41% |           3      3.70%     11.11% |           3      3.70%     14.81% |           3      3.70%     18.52% |           4      4.94%     23.46% |           3      3.70%     27.16% |           5      6.17%     33.33% |           3      3.70%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           2      2.47%     41.98% |           3      3.70%     45.68% |           3      3.70%     49.38% |           4      4.94%     54.32% |           3      3.70%     58.02% |           3      3.70%     61.73% |           1      1.23%     62.96% |           2      2.47%     65.43% |           0      0.00%     65.43% |           1      1.23%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           3      3.70%     72.84% |           5      6.17%     79.01% |           4      4.94%     83.95% |           4      4.94%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          18     32.73%     32.73% |           0      0.00%     32.73% |           0      0.00%     32.73% |          15     27.27%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           6     10.91%     70.91% |           0      0.00%     70.91% |           0      0.00%     70.91% |          14     25.45%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           0      0.00%     96.36% |           2      3.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          21     15.44%     15.44% |           2      1.47%     16.91% |           1      0.74%     17.65% |          18     13.24%     30.88% |           3      2.21%     33.09% |           3      2.21%     35.29% |           4      2.94%     38.24% |           3      2.21%     40.44% |           5      3.68%     44.12% |           3      2.21%     46.32% |           2      1.47%     47.79% |           2      1.47%     49.26% |           3      2.21%     51.47% |           3      2.21%     53.68% |           4      2.94%     56.62% |           3      2.21%     58.82% |           9      6.62%     65.44% |           1      0.74%     66.18% |           2      1.47%     67.65% |          14     10.29%     77.94% |           1      0.74%     78.68% |           0      0.00%     78.68% |           1      0.74%     79.41% |           1      0.74%     80.15% |           3      2.21%     82.35% |           5      3.68%     86.03% |           4      2.94%     88.97% |           6      4.41%     93.38% |           3      2.21%     95.59% |           2      1.47%     97.06% |           2      1.47%     98.53% |           2      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          136                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       62704     16.91%     16.91% |      185384     50.00%     66.91% |        7881      2.13%     69.04% |        8403      2.27%     71.30% |        7725      2.08%     73.39% |        8443      2.28%     75.66% |        8015      2.16%     77.83% |        8403      2.27%     80.09% |        7093      1.91%     82.01% |        7566      2.04%     84.05% |        7128      1.92%     85.97% |        7527      2.03%     88.00% |        7817      2.11%     90.11% |        7491      2.02%     92.13% |        6755      1.82%     93.95% |        7099      1.91%     95.86% |        7406      2.00%     97.86% |        7928      2.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       370768                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       62704     16.91%     16.91% |      185384     50.00%     66.91% |        7881      2.13%     69.04% |        8403      2.27%     71.30% |        7725      2.08%     73.39% |        8443      2.28%     75.66% |        8015      2.16%     77.83% |        8403      2.27%     80.09% |        7093      1.91%     82.01% |        7566      2.04%     84.05% |        7128      1.92%     85.97% |        7527      2.03%     88.00% |        7817      2.11%     90.11% |        7491      2.02%     92.13% |        6755      1.82%     93.95% |        7099      1.91%     95.86% |        7406      2.00%     97.86% |        7928      2.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       370768                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       62704     16.91%     16.91% |      185384     50.00%     66.91% |        7881      2.13%     69.04% |        8403      2.27%     71.30% |        7725      2.08%     73.39% |        8443      2.28%     75.66% |        8015      2.16%     77.83% |        8403      2.27%     80.09% |        7093      1.91%     82.01% |        7566      2.04%     84.05% |        7128      1.92%     85.97% |        7527      2.03%     88.00% |        7817      2.11%     90.11% |        7491      2.02%     92.13% |        6755      1.82%     93.95% |        7099      1.91%     95.86% |        7406      2.00%     97.86% |        7928      2.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       370768                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       62704     16.91%     16.91% |      185384     50.00%     66.91% |        7881      2.13%     69.04% |        8403      2.27%     71.30% |        7725      2.08%     73.39% |        8443      2.28%     75.66% |        8015      2.16%     77.83% |        8403      2.27%     80.09% |        7093      1.91%     82.01% |        7566      2.04%     84.05% |        7128      1.92%     85.97% |        7527      2.03%     88.00% |        7817      2.11%     90.11% |        7491      2.02%     92.13% |        6755      1.82%     93.95% |        7099      1.91%     95.86% |        7406      2.00%     97.86% |        7928      2.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       370768                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
