
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53639349000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5229807427500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    67558                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               61630721                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4802020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   870.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    32070444                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      58798147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14105024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14105024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4028096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4028096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       220391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             220391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    262960388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            262960388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     75095915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            75095915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    338056303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           338056303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     220391                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62939                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   220391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14102656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4028032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14105024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4028096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     6841                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1335                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  53638857500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               220391                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62939                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  79511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  29587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  33683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  28745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  18979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  10692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   5278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   2557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  7202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  11840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  11845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  11837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       168661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.492876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.121749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.466546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       132279     78.43%     78.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18169     10.77%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13457      7.98%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1699      1.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1049      0.62%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          614      0.36%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          431      0.26%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          379      0.22%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          584      0.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       168661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.845351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    88.085737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11378     97.32%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          202      1.73%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.33%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           27      0.23%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      0.07%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      0.09%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.383457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.236817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.773389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11227     96.03%     96.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           114      0.98%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          161      1.38%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          189      1.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8819890508                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            12951528008                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1101770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    40026.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               58776.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      262.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       75.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   262.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    75.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   78134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  36488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               57.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    189315.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   40.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10784249500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    41056953000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              637466760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              637489440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              347824125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              347836500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             866361600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             852165600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            206601840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201236400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        21494684610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        20985761250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13324183500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13770607500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          40380083715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          40298057970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          752.910974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          751.381555                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13844800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13844800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3845312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3845312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258109024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            258109024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71688268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            71688268                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    329797291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           329797291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216325                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60083                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60083                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13843136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3845184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13844800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3845312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     4639                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1213                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  53638598500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216325                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60083                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  77210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  30104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  33579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  28518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  18893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  10137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   4981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  5021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       163307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.307029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.172519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.814595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128298     78.56%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17213     10.54%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        12941      7.92%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1614      0.99%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1094      0.67%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          670      0.41%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      0.27%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          419      0.26%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          611      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       163307                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.413016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    93.011980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10857     97.46%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          170      1.53%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           46      0.41%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           21      0.19%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.06%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      0.05%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.04%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.04%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.393268                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.244153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.788184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10671     95.79%     95.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           149      1.34%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          116      1.04%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          204      1.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8376776097                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            12432382347                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    38727.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               57477.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      258.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   258.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    71.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   76386                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  36677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    194055.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   40.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11214410500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    40626685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              617931720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              616593600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              337165125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              336435000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             850980000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             835902600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197685360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191639520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        21183706575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        20408417370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13596971250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14277049500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          40287401310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          40168998870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          751.182855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          748.975170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13845120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13845120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3845952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3845952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258114989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            258114989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     71700199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            71700199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    329815188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           329815188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13844352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3845696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13845120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3845952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             4004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     5003                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1145                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  53638631500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  77232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  29799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  33964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  28804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  18736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  10209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   4996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  5286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       163358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.281835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.144170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.700155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128461     78.64%     78.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16926     10.36%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13067      8.00%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1658      1.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1106      0.68%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          682      0.42%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          429      0.26%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          420      0.26%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          609      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       163358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.396824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    93.716654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10861     97.44%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          168      1.51%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           51      0.46%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.15%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      0.08%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.04%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.06%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.391082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.241682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.788360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10673     95.76%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           144      1.29%     97.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          140      1.26%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          189      1.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8308951478                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            12364913978                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1081590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    38410.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               57160.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      258.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       71.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   258.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    71.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   76401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  36637                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               60.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    194045.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   40.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11116174750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    40725039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              618680160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              616253400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              337573500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              336249375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851081400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             835957200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197672400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191704320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21157611975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        20565214110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13619871750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14139519000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          40285452465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          40187858685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          751.146272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          749.326578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13844928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13844928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3843136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3843136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60049                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    258111410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            258111410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     71647700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            71647700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    329759110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           329759110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216328                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60049                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60049                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13844224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3843136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13844992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3843136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     3735                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1136                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  53638603500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60049                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  76643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  29430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  33424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  28420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  19094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  10856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   5320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  4004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       163340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   108.276919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    84.183233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.538309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       128315     78.56%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17073     10.45%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13096      8.02%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1630      1.00%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1122      0.69%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          638      0.39%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          434      0.27%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          422      0.26%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          610      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       163340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     19.411559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    96.265006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10848     97.35%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          186      1.67%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           45      0.40%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           14      0.13%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           10      0.09%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.04%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.04%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      0.04%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.388944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.242140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.774597                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10679     95.84%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           152      1.36%     97.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          111      1.00%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          201      1.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  8265138647                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12321063647                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    38208.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               56958.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      258.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       71.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   258.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    71.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   76293                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  36722                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    194077.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   40.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11007591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1790880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    40833492000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              618445800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              616351680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              337445625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              336303000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851370000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835684200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197374320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191710800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3502961280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21077846460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        20374079715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13689831000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14307170250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          40275274485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          40164260925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          750.956743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          748.886828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3966                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4830                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              448024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7456021                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.720308                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.055260                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                12.258302                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7456018    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7456021                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16898902                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.717987                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.491504                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.261092                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15984615     94.59%     94.59% |      873687      5.17%     99.76% |       19712      0.12%     99.88% |        5435      0.03%     99.91% |        3404      0.02%     99.93% |        1980      0.01%     99.94% |        1918      0.01%     99.95% |        1554      0.01%     99.96% |        6597      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16898902                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16898900                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              22.039719                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.033860                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            161.444327                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16884943     99.92%     99.92% |        5488      0.03%     99.95% |        4548      0.03%     99.98% |        3781      0.02%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16898900                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15673226                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000307                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000265                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.017695                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15668443     99.97%     99.97% |        4767      0.03%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15673226                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225674                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        265.504953                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       177.700811                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       543.552102                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1211717     98.86%     98.86% |        5488      0.45%     99.31% |        4548      0.37%     99.68% |        3781      0.31%     99.99% |         139      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225674                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         772345                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       772345                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           50                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           47                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           34                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11190275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11631533                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3689972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124014                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3813986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111447                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22608                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52913                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1619983                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45268                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        28053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        66702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         2993                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        27029                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        50004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        45340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        26038                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20846                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        35467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        63156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           74                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        56732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           53                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           86                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24626                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles           65                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        34766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        62084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        31705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        58820                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           84                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles           96                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles           82                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24872                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.fully_busy_cycles           81                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20123                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.fully_busy_cycles           83                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.fully_busy_cycles           93                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.fully_busy_cycles           92                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44740                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.fully_busy_cycles           92                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.fully_busy_cycles           82                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24855                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        44996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits        30294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        55100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.fully_busy_cycles           88                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits        29158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        51636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.fully_busy_cycles           93                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        51783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        31996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10935                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27344                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9727                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36238                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27290                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8497                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8241                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38519                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles           12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9124                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27380                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         8925                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27247                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36147                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         8909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27260                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits         9931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits         9943                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27347                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8547                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27307                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          811                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8616905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8616905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8715204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8616905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4081688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4078505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8616905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080323                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5212144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5212144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5325970                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5212144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3443207                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3411452                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5212144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.048585                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3536389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3536389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3584068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3536389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1575957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1574217                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3536389                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.032965                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3151073                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1493733                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1491742                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3104986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.028943                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3472413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3472413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3509580                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3472413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1977811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1975597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3472413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3668244                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3668244                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3717527                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3668244                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2127912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2124868                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3668244                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.034194                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4483971                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4483971                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4541955                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4483971                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1945087                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1942931                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4483971                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041797                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3591850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3591850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3653751                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3591850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1873282                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3591850                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.033481                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1969788                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1969788                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1990313                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1969788                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957869                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1969788                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.018361                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2312518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2312518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2333645                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2312518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1281782                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1280578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2312518                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.021556                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2227773                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2227773                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2253848                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2227773                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1097698                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1096441                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2227773                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.020766                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2094098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2094098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2114597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2094098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974122                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       973078                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2094098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2615264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2615264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2642535                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2615264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1381386                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1379972                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2615264                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.024378                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2351738                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2351738                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2379525                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2351738                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1128693                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1127366                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2351737                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.021922                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1413094                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1413094                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1429404                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1413094                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       745263                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       743978                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1413094                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013172                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1958591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1958591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1985408                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1958591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1062457                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1060635                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1958591                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.018257                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2559224                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2559224                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2588701                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2559224                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1286073                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1284380                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2559224                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023856                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2268976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2268976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2296789                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2268976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1264297                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262376                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2268976                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021150                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2060509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2060509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2090264                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2060509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1124370                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1122293                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2060509                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.019207                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1423607                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1423607                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1439325                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1423607                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       749826                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       748679                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1423607                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013270                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1163685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1163685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1169636                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1163685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       593696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       593545                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1163685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1442220                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1442220                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1451494                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1442220                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785594                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785228                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1442220                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.013444                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1407926                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1407926                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1419398                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1407926                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       719425                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       719078                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1407926                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.013124                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       937703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       937703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       942457                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       937703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       485167                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       484979                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       937703                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008741                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1123632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1123632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1129975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1123632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       549606                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       549464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1123632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010474                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1429530                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1429530                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1438908                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1429530                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       774852                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       774510                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1429530                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.013325                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1396044                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1396044                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1407347                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1396044                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       709185                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       708864                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1396044                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.013013                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       945511                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       945511                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       950138                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       945511                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       487635                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       487431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       945511                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008814                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3864755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3864755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4004222                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3864755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1828740                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1824983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3864755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.036025                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3958693                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3958693                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4090007                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3958693                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1898421                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1894961                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3958693                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.036901                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      4136261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      4136261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4279523                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4136261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1989801                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1985345                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      4136261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.038556                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4267884                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4267884                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4415107                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4267884                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2083054                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2078756                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4267884                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.039783                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6214704     28.86%     28.86% |    14176941     65.83%     94.69% |     1143830      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21535475                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6214704     28.86%     28.86% |    14176942     65.83%     94.69% |     1143830      5.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21535476                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   164181182                       |   347202624                       |    27694334                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15629680                       |    45666231                       |     1165965                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.418182                       |   24.490659                       |   24.211932                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.514952                       |    3.221163                       |    1.019352                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.032099                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.900418                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         27.932517                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003285                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.073032      7.22%      7.22% |    0.073259      7.24%     14.46% |    0.072965      7.21%     21.67% |    0.073163      7.23%     28.90% |    0.165430     16.35%     45.25% |    0.165461     16.35%     61.60% |    0.165412     16.35%     77.95% |    0.165452     16.35%     94.30% |    0.014421      1.43%     95.72% |    0.014425      1.43%     97.15% |    0.014424      1.43%     98.57% |    0.014419      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.011864                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.025348                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.025213                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001411                       |    0.000688                       |    0.000609                       |    0.000627                       |    0.000817                       |    0.000762                       |    0.000599                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000806                       |    0.000799                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000599                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000599                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000598                       |    0.000733                       |    0.000668                       |    0.005522                       |    0.002799                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002757                       |    0.002760                       |    0.002728                       |    0.002703                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002804                       |    0.002790                       |    0.002842                       |    0.002773                       |    0.002731                       |    0.002718                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002688                       |    0.002853                       |    0.002745                       |    0.002766                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002751                       |    0.002690                       |    0.002794                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002730                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002779                       |    0.002767                       |    0.002892                       |    0.002934                       |    0.012311                       |    0.012081                       |    0.012081                       |    0.012081                       |    0.000228                       |           0                       |    0.000692                       |    0.007896                       |    0.000315                       |    0.000266                       |    0.000229                       |    0.000245                       |    0.000322                       |    0.000299                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000222                       |    0.000217                       |    0.000223                       |    0.000226                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000216                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000303                       |    0.000306                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000216                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000217                       |    0.000216                       |    0.000218                       |    0.000219                       |    0.000220                       |    0.000215                       |    0.000221                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000270                       |    0.000254                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002854                       |    0.000231                       |           0                       |    0.000216                       |    0.003561                       |    0.002864                       |    0.001124                       |    0.002887                       |    0.000221                       |    0.004725                       |    0.006537                       |    0.002867                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002883                       |    0.006216                       |    0.000221                       |    0.008911                       |    0.012933                       |    0.003739                       |    0.002158                       |    0.002845                       |    0.000315                       |    0.008140                       |    0.007908                       |    0.011599                       |    0.001281                       |    0.002833                       |    0.000266                       |    0.010953                       |    0.007436                       |    0.006174                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002820                       |    0.006034                       |    0.000228                       |    0.013438                       |    0.008798                       |    0.004461                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002846                       |    0.000223                       |    0.006345                       |    0.004613                       |    0.004371                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002875                       |    0.000218                       |    0.003392                       |    0.002866                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002828                       |    0.000221                       |    0.002350                       |    0.003337                       |    0.003586                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002832                       |    0.000222                       |    0.002266                       |    0.005166                       |    0.006313                       |    0.003635                       |    0.001131                       |    0.002857                       |    0.000229                       |    0.005440                       |    0.009974                       |    0.008083                       |    0.004655                       |    0.030576                       |    0.004782                       |    0.000692                       |    0.004608                       |    0.016213                       |    0.017716                       |    0.005736                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002856                       |    0.007896                       |    0.003885                       |    0.011786                       |    0.016615                       |    0.005543                       |    0.001162                       |    0.002810                       |    0.000245                       |    0.007446                       |    0.007277                       |    0.009868                       |    0.005385                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002842                       |    0.000226                       |    0.003737                       |    0.006250                       |    0.005150                       |    0.005051                       |    0.001123                       |    0.002817                       |    0.000219                       |    0.002250                       |    0.003328                       |    0.003589                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002862                       |    0.000217                       |    0.001865                       |    0.003355                       |    0.003703                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002909                       |    0.000217                       |    0.001769                       |    0.004661                       |    0.006379                       |    0.003710                       |    0.001383                       |    0.002953                       |    0.006034                       |    0.000270                       |    0.002505                       |    0.008801                       |    0.012918                       |    0.003692                       |    0.001544                       |    0.002808                       |    0.000322                       |    0.017428                       |    0.007926                       |    0.007572                       |    0.004196                       |    0.001423                       |    0.002789                       |    0.000299                       |    0.006720                       |    0.011017                       |    0.007136                       |    0.004096                       |    0.001254                       |    0.002945                       |    0.006032                       |    0.000254                       |    0.003268                       |    0.013577                       |    0.008688                       |    0.003765                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002797                       |    0.000221                       |    0.003256                       |    0.006239                       |    0.004558                       |    0.003730                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002850                       |    0.000220                       |    0.001769                       |    0.003336                       |    0.003716                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002802                       |    0.000216                       |    0.001310                       |    0.003291                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002809                       |    0.000216                       |    0.001318                       |    0.001535                       |    0.006172                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002788                       |    0.000219                       |    0.003620                       |    0.002657                       |    0.007851                       |    0.001524                       |    0.002915                       |    0.000303                       |    0.008284                       |    0.004889                       |    0.005941                       |    0.001512                       |    0.002814                       |    0.000306                       |    0.003062                       |    0.007847                       |    0.005609                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002861                       |    0.000220                       |    0.005086                       |    0.007263                       |    0.002655                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002827                       |    0.000219                       |    0.001310                       |    0.006249                       |    0.001544                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002815                       |    0.000215                       |    0.001319                       |    0.003342                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.011864                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7249628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7249628                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341238                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5614538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         4984951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     88.786486                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          477468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10228485                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52578                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7811727                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44948                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10281063                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7856675                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  18040212                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97526                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18137738                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3821100                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9733                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3830833                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3821100                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9733                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3830833                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                100450325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14462693                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               40457340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7249628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5462419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              81030293                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       159521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       228100                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       318555                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3820425                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3937                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     96724051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.788019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.146175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         82401840     85.19%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1559374      1.61%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1006874      1.04%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2410669      2.49%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1232503      1.27%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           665602      0.69%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           810761      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           798737      0.83%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5837691      6.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     96724051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.072171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.402760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9904456                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      76510782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5771137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4159519                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       70468789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         11670475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        43780598                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6470335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7990193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      26434293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       69055789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4047520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     80946970                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     156722424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     96880315                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      68463811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12483129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176718                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          26943897                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5739039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8035358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1298798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1100116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           67248371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       393252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          69859810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172360                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7814455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12078767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     96724051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.722259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.498789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     71370775     73.79%     73.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8168533      8.45%     82.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5614371      5.80%     88.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3503666      3.62%     91.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3129237      3.24%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2920470      3.02%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1482275      1.53%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339203      0.35%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195521      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     96724051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181132     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631682     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84541      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       272900      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      51235727     73.34%     73.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28093      0.04%     73.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.07%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10367475     14.84%     88.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7903265     11.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       69859810                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.695466                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    237513290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     75463147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     63985114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       70484217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1323636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1154594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2674                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7473                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       518935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5327252                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5708377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      33866671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     67641623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5739039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8035358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       384036                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         297152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448763                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7473                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213823                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      69282528                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      10217832                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             18044361                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5684903                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7826529                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.689719                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               64065422                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              63985150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          38970237                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          60911540                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.636983                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.639784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8831135                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       330495                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354248                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     95332859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.616767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.568201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     76110803     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6133226      6.43%     86.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4108729      4.31%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2194267      2.30%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2379051      2.50%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1820413      1.91%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480838      0.50%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482894      0.51%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1622638      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     95332859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     32070443                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       58798144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               12100855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4584440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            5303370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          58423963                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       398793                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       158979      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     46460576     79.02%     79.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26892      0.05%     79.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.09%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4584440      7.80%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7516415     12.78%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     58798144                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1622638                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            161265519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           136656120                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85066                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3726274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            32070443                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              58798144                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.132178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.132178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.319267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.319267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         98520027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        50144715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          28162963                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24094287                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        29858450                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168737                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4541021000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4541021000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3380146                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        27.508573                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.372967                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       14.075901                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3380143    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3380146                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4030280                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.072637                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.800012                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.467850                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4026777     99.91%     99.91% |        3324      0.08%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4030280                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         45595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.532624                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.349649                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.677346                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        6234     13.67%     13.67% |       25841     56.68%     70.35% |       12256     26.88%     97.23% |         974      2.14%     99.36% |         230      0.50%     99.87% |          59      0.13%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           45595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5345043                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           52.358780                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.736865                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         281.055571                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5331086     99.74%     99.74% |        5488      0.10%     99.84% |        4548      0.09%     99.93% |        3781      0.07%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5345043                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4540365                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000633                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000545                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025568                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4537518     99.94%     99.94% |        2832      0.06%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4540365                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804678                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     330.860242                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    222.271559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    658.326639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      790721     98.27%     98.27% |        5488      0.68%     98.95% |        4548      0.57%     99.51% |        3781      0.47%     99.98% |         139      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804678                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7582391                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            9.185732                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.472535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          35.757641                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7392954     97.50%     97.50% |      166590      2.20%     99.70% |       19471      0.26%     99.96% |         342      0.00%     99.96% |        1300      0.02%     99.98% |        1510      0.02%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7582391                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7294675                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000249                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000214                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015772                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7292863     99.98%     99.98% |        1811      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7294675                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287716                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     166.010841                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.405378                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     90.177504                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98279     34.16%     34.16% |      166590     57.90%     92.06% |       19471      6.77%     98.83% |         342      0.12%     98.95% |        1300      0.45%     99.40% |        1510      0.52%     99.92% |         199      0.07%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287716                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3813985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.655609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.330986                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.637973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3800605     99.65%     99.65% |       10988      0.29%     99.94% |        2120      0.06%     99.99% |          61      0.00%     99.99% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3813985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3689972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3689971    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3689972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124013                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.672502                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.983938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.805460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110633     89.21%     89.21% |       10988      8.86%     98.07% |        2120      1.71%     99.78% |          61      0.05%     99.83% |          91      0.07%     99.90% |         104      0.08%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.712944                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.645081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.028357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154226     98.75%     98.75% |        1497      0.96%     99.71% |         393      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       146938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146815     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       146938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9237                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.578543                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.463357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.439852                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.90%     78.90% |        1497     16.21%     95.11% |         393      4.25%     99.36% |          19      0.21%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9237                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13263                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       753539                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        60928                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    17038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    27242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     1854                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     2557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    27234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     2789                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   13631                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    1836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   26932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    2571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   13627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    2776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   27351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    2791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    2770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   40769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    2067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   17079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    2767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   33706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    2787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   13639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   27354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   13648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    1836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   27339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   13659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   27079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   13652                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   27089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   13648                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   27206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   13658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    1841                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   26952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    1848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                   13649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   27211                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    1856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                   13642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   27347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   17095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    2050                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                   40670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    1850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                   20498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    1833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                   34188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_hits                   13613                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_hits                    1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_hits                   27196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_hits                    1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_hits                   13634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_hits                    1835                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_hits                   27038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_hits                    1850                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_hits                   13641                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_hits                   27329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_hits                    1853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_hits                   13655                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_hits                    1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_hits                   27319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_hits                    1855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_hits                  13663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_hits                   1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_hits                  26963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_hits                  13642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_hits                   1843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_hits                  27217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_hits                  13654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_hits                   1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_hits                  27206                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_hits                   1849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_hits                  13639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_hits                   1834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_hits                  27091                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_hits                   1856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_hits                  13638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_hits                   1839                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_hits                  27361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_hits                   1856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_hits                  13646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_hits                   1841                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_hits                  27090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_hits                   1849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_hits                  13643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_hits                   1837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_hits                  26959                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_hits                  13664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_hits                   1838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_hits                  27337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_hits                   1851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_hits                  17049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_hits                   1840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_hits                  33940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_hits                   1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_hits                  13644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_hits                   1836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_hits                  33930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_hits                   1852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_hits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                     49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     34                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     43                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   268                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    41                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                    65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   262                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                   249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   236                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                    47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                    40                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                    48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                   237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                   257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   322                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                    38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                   318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                    55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_misses                   275                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_misses                    51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_misses                   260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_misses                    37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_misses                   254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_misses                    53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_misses                   290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_misses                    38                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_misses                   247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_misses                   255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_misses                    35                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_misses                   233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_misses                    49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_misses                   265                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_misses                    33                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_misses                  225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_misses                   48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_misses                  237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_misses                  246                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_misses                   45                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_misses                  239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_misses                  234                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_misses                   48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_misses                  250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_misses                   39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_misses                  249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_misses                   54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_misses                  237                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_misses                   32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_misses                  250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_misses                   49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_misses                  223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_misses                   32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_misses                  242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_misses                   47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_misses                  238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_misses                   39                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_misses                  245                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_misses                   51                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_misses                  241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_misses                  224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_misses                   50                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_misses                  247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_misses                   37                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_misses                  303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_misses                   48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_misses                  284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_misses                   36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_misses                  244                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_misses                   52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_misses                  294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_misses                   36                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_misses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       85                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      66                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                      65                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                      53                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                      75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                      59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                      91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                      71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                     106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                     103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                      59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                      66                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshrhits                      66                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshrhits                      96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshrhits                      81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshrhits                      73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshrhits                      97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshrhits                      57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshrhits                     63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshrhits                    101                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshrhits                     52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshrhits                     82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshrhits                     95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshrhits                     55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshrhits                     81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshrhits                     96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshrhits                     77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshrhits                     83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshrhits                     94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshrhits                     57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshrhits                     84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshrhits                     99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshrhits                     46                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshrhits                     86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshrhits                    100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.mshrhits                     73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.mshrhits                     71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.mshrhits                     98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.mshrhits                     58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.mshrhits                     56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.mshrhits                     94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.mshrhits                     55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.mshrhits                     86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.mshrhits                    103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.mshrhits                     62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.mshrhits                     70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.mshrhits                    100                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.mshrhits                     80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.mshrhits                     21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.mshrhits                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                2616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               41120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                2104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               33968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                2104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses               40992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses               20816                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses               34480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_accesses               27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_accesses               27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_accesses               13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_accesses               27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_accesses                1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_accesses              27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_accesses              27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_accesses              27456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_accesses              27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_accesses              27328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_accesses              27200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_accesses              27584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_accesses              17352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_accesses              34224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_accesses              13888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_accesses              34224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_accesses               1888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_accesses                  0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_flush                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  330827                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140374306618270                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140374306627639                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                   70873                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   32379                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30828992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               387670723                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               387711467                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               387648808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               387623746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              387582944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              387666187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              387681847                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              387664745                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              387627513                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              387586144                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              387667328                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              387716815                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              387657026                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              387631279                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              387589344                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              387681430                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              387735326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              387692502                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles              387633263                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles              387592544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles              387676229                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              387724958                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles              387672984                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              387638338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles              387595744                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              387746372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              387780470                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles              387743775                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles              387704077                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles              387664864                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles              387745405                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              387776874                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles              387741949                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles              387704125                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles              387668064                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles              387754452                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles              387784031                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles              387753485                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles              387709803                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles              387671264                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles              387753011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles              387782080                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles              387750900                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles              387710186                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles              387674464                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles              387749944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles              387775982                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles              387749932                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles              387710919                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles              387677664                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles              387807477                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles              387831400                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles              387807733                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles              387767363                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles              387730400                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles              387826671                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles              387856974                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles              387824844                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles              387775054                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles              387733600                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles              387818735                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles              387854429                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles              387815539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles              387776024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles              387736800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles              387828428                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles              387846070                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles              387842697                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles              387776211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles              387740000                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles              387847008                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles              387843421                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles              387827981                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles              387775577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlbCycles              387743200                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlbCycles              387889719                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlbCycles              387904222                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlbCycles              387872139                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlbCycles              387832242                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlbCycles              387795936                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlbCycles              387892111                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlbCycles              387914267                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlbCycles              387890569                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlbCycles              387840020                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlbCycles              387799136                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlbCycles              387898117                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlbCycles              387924205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlbCycles              387896399                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlbCycles              387844603                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlbCycles              387802336                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlbCycles              387887850                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlbCycles              387924316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlbCycles              387892253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlbCycles              387844619                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlbCycles             387805536                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlbCycles             387895681                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlbCycles             387934699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlbCycles             387900398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlbCycles             387851955                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlbCycles             387808736                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlbCycles             387957220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlbCycles             387989808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlbCycles             387958187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlbCycles             387906780                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlbCycles             387861472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlbCycles             387952630                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlbCycles             387979137                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlbCycles             387947567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlbCycles             387904894                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlbCycles             387864672                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlbCycles             387950924                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlbCycles             387976203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlbCycles             387946001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlbCycles             387904011                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlbCycles             387867872                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlbCycles             387966126                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlbCycles             387988497                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlbCycles             387955661                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlbCycles             387909728                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlbCycles             387871072                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlbCycles             387965005                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlbCycles             387997185                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlbCycles             387961333                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlbCycles             387917234                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlbCycles             387874272                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlbCycles             388014277                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlbCycles             388040492                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlbCycles             388014722                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlbCycles             387972539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlbCycles             387935200                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlbCycles             388008898                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlbCycles             388036524                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlbCycles             388013898                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlbCycles             387972270                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlbCycles             387938400                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlbCycles             388040156                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlbCycles             388042032                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlbCycles             388036445                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlbCycles             387978567                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlbCycles             387941600                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlbCycles             388025355                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlbCycles             388043787                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlbCycles             388034151                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlbCycles             387978440                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlbCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                     864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   2256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   1296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  40688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   1744                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   1296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  33608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   2400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                   1080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                  40560                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                  20384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                  34120                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_reads                  27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_reads                  13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_reads                    864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_reads                  27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_reads                   1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_reads                 26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_reads                 27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_reads                 27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_reads                 27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_reads                 27040                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_reads                 26912                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_reads                 27296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_reads                 16992                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_reads                 33864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_reads                 13600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_reads                   864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_reads                 33864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_reads                  1600                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_reads                     0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                    360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                    360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                    288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                    432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  1536                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                   432                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                   360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_writes                  1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_writes                   288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_writes                  360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_writes                  360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_writes                 1024                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_writes                  360                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_writes                  288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_writes                    0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                16686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                  825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                26956                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 1566                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 1032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                26951                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               26644                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                2211                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               13340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               27071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                2359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               16723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               40343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                1707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               16722                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                1243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               33349                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13351                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               27067                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               13360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               27055                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               13371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               26794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               13364                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits               26802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               13362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               26921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               13371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                 828                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits               26667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                1560                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits               13361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               26926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                1568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits               13354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               27065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               16735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                1035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits               40245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                1562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits               20066                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                 821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits               33831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readhits               13330                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readhits                 823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readhits               26909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readhits                1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readhits               13349                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readhits                 822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readhits               26750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readhits                1562                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readhits               13354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readhits               27041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readhits                1565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readhits               13367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readhits                 825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readhits               27038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readhits                1567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readhits              13375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readhits              26676                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readhits              13354                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readhits                830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readhits              26930                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readhits              13366                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readhits              26920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readhits               1561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readhits              13351                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readhits                822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readhits              26808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readhits               1568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readhits              13350                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readhits              27074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readhits               1568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readhits              13358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readhits                828                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_readhits              26802                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_readhits               1561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_readhits              13360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_readhits                823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_readhits              26674                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_readhits              13376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_readhits                824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_readhits              27056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_readhits               1563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_readhits              16689                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_readhits                825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_readhits              33583                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_readhits               1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_readhits              13356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_readhits                823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_readhits              33578                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_readhits               1564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_readhits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                 39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                212                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                321                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               268                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               260                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               269                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                51                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               345                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               270                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses                53                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               247                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               229                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses                40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses               231                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                45                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses               315                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses               318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                43                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_readmisses               270                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_readmisses                41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_readmisses               259                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_readmisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_readmisses               251                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_readmisses                42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_readmisses               290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_readmisses               246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_readmisses               255                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_readmisses                35                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_readmisses               233                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_readmisses                39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_readmisses               258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_readmisses                33                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_readmisses              225                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_readmisses              236                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_readmisses              246                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_readmisses               34                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_readmisses              238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_readmisses              234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_readmisses              248                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_readmisses              249                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_readmisses               42                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_readmisses              232                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_readmisses               32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_readmisses              250                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_readmisses              222                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_readmisses               32                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_readmisses              242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_readmisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_readmisses              238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_readmisses              240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_readmisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_readmisses              238                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_readmisses              224                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_readmisses               40                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_readmisses              240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_readmisses               37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_readmisses              303                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_readmisses               39                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_readmisses              281                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_readmisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_readmisses              244                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_readmisses               41                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_readmisses              286                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_readmisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_readmisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8935                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                 352                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                 286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                 288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                 360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                1525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                 283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                 432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               1524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits                280                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits                359                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               1525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits                426                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               1524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits                284                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits                286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits                282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits                360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits                425                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits                432                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               1012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits                357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writehits                283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writehits                285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writehits               1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writehits                287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writehits               1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writehits                281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writehits                288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writehits              1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writehits              1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writehits              1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writehits               286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writehits              1012                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writehits               283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writehits               287                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writehits              1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_writehits               283                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_writehits               285                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_writehits              1014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_writehits               281                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_writehits               360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_writehits              1015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_writehits               357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_writehits              1013                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_writehits               352                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_writehits               288                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_writehits                 0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               281                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                 2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                6                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_80.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_81.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_82.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_83.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_84.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_85.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_86.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_87.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_88.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_89.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_90.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_91.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_92.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_93.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_94.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_95.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_96.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_97.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_98.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_99.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_100.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_101.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_102.tlb_writemisses               9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_103.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_104.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_105.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_106.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_107.tlb_writemisses              11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_108.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_109.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_110.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_111.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_112.tlb_writemisses               9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_113.tlb_writemisses               2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_114.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_115.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_116.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_117.tlb_writemisses              12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_118.tlb_writemisses               5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_119.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_120.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_121.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_122.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_123.tlb_writemisses               1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_124.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_125.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_126.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_127.tlb_writemisses              11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_128.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_129.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_130.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_131.tlb_writemisses               5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_132.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_133.tlb_writemisses               3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_134.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_135.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_136.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_137.tlb_writemisses              10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_138.tlb_writemisses               7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_139.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_140.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_141.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_142.tlb_writemisses               9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_143.tlb_writemisses               3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_144.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_145.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_146.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_147.tlb_writemisses              11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_148.tlb_writemisses               8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_149.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_150.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_151.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_152.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_153.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_154.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_155.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_156.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_157.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_158.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_159.tlb_writemisses               0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       6                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_jobs                       4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_128.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_129.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_130.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_131.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_132.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_133.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_134.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_135.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_136.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_137.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_138.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_139.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_140.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_141.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_142.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_143.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_144.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_145.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_146.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_147.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_148.num_jobs                      5                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_149.num_jobs                      4                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_150.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_151.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_152.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_153.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_154.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_155.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_156.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_157.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_158.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_159.num_jobs                      0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 804053                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                3121178                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 318338                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2781467                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 187670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                3099896                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 404142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2765793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 268677                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2601234                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                316558                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2683562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                236025                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2599144                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                445696                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2711765                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                268227                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               3260105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                459037                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               3702863                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                226240                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               3264538                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                447807                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               3188746                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                268487                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2722136                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                344471                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               2774240                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                201489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               2666447                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                337331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               2681545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                193587                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               2649568                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                338710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               2651530                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                196615                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               2773920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles                337821                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               2766972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                196516                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               2666634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                322951                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               2660936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                191572                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               2662765                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                323564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               2676315                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles                196378                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles               2668710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                350253                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               2713325                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                201572                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles               2622519                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                341072                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               2657162                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                196997                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               3175759                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                368438                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles               3750217                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                191192                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles               3653255                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                320019                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles               3217388                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                188212                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_80.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_81.job_cycles               2590471                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_82.job_cycles                329793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_83.job_cycles               2658540                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_84.job_cycles                194683                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_85.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_86.job_cycles               2718549                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_87.job_cycles                345944                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_88.job_cycles               2690795                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_89.job_cycles                201647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_90.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_91.job_cycles               2649070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_92.job_cycles                348774                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_93.job_cycles               2824760                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_94.job_cycles                205144                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_95.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_96.job_cycles               2802452                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_97.job_cycles                345328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_98.job_cycles               2722734                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_99.job_cycles                201293                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_100.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_101.job_cycles              2728658                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_102.job_cycles               351804                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_103.job_cycles              2749515                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_104.job_cycles               206058                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_105.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_106.job_cycles              2738244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_107.job_cycles               356391                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_108.job_cycles              2827535                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_109.job_cycles               208966                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_110.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_111.job_cycles              2705194                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_112.job_cycles               346568                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_113.job_cycles              2753262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_114.job_cycles               203018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_115.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_116.job_cycles              2639538                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_117.job_cycles               338280                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_118.job_cycles              2736852                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_119.job_cycles               197906                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_120.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_121.job_cycles              2721372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_122.job_cycles               345486                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_123.job_cycles              2782920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_124.job_cycles               199516                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_125.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_126.job_cycles              2698602                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_127.job_cycles               351302                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_128.job_cycles              2760039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_129.job_cycles               207502                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_130.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_131.job_cycles              2668019                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_132.job_cycles               327899                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_133.job_cycles              2671208                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_134.job_cycles               193402                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_135.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_136.job_cycles              2683180                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_137.job_cycles               321647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_138.job_cycles              2724407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_139.job_cycles               189070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_140.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_141.job_cycles              3115998                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_142.job_cycles               321745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_143.job_cycles              3197518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_144.job_cycles               190096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_145.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_146.job_cycles              2638591                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_147.job_cycles               321096                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_148.job_cycles              3160673                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_149.job_cycles               188531                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_150.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_151.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_152.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_153.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_154.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_155.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_156.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_157.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_158.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_159.job_cycles                    0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     80                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_80.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_81.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_82.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_83.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_84.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_85.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_86.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_87.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_88.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_89.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_90.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_91.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_92.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_93.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_94.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_95.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_96.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_97.num_tasks                     96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_98.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_99.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_100.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_101.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_102.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_103.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_104.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_105.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_106.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_107.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_108.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_109.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_110.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_111.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_112.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_113.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_114.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_115.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_116.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_117.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_118.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_119.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_120.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_121.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_122.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_123.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_124.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_125.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_126.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_127.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_128.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_129.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_130.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_131.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_132.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_133.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_134.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_135.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_136.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_137.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_138.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_139.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_140.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_141.num_tasks                   240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_142.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_143.num_tasks                   240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_144.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_145.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_146.num_tasks                   192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_147.num_tasks                    96                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_148.num_tasks                   240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_149.num_tasks                    64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_150.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_151.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_152.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_153.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_154.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_155.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_156.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_157.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_158.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_159.num_tasks                     0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                641403                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               3094681                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                303551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2759713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                181186                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3074110                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                384726                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2744383                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                259089                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2580210                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               301987                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2661675                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               227348                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2578479                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               425826                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2690369                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               259219                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              3233824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               436985                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              3670213                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               218936                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              3238711                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               428302                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              3162003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               259060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2700402                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles               327539                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              2751716                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               194198                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              2645084                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               321149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              2659200                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               186579                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              2627820                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               321952                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              2628457                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles               189360                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              2752546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles               321930                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              2744660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               189581                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              2645490                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               308309                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              2638702                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               185139                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              2641183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               308639                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              2653785                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles               189081                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles              2646616                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               331684                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              2690251                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               193933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles              2600779                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               323858                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              2634564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               189531                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              3149048                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               352660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles              3716860                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               184259                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles              3621730                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles               305247                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles              3189862                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               181777                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_cycles              2569059                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_cycles               313695                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_cycles              2636319                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_cycles               187621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_cycles              2696790                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_cycles               328822                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_cycles              2668182                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_cycles               194153                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_cycles              2626965                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_cycles               331100                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_cycles              2801853                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_cycles               197400                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_cycles              2780719                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_cycles               327601                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_cycles              2699632                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_cycles               193731                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_cycles             2706569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_cycles              333064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_cycles             2726613                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_cycles              197883                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_cycles             2715698                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_cycles              337463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_cycles             2804210                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_cycles              200233                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_cycles             2683464                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_cycles              329700                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_cycles             2730624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_cycles              195595                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_cycles             2618162                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_cycles              322238                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_cycles             2714647                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_cycles              190759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_cycles             2699629                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_cycles              328128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_cycles             2760318                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_cycles              192103                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_cycles             2676502                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_cycles              333104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.read_cycles             2736772                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.read_cycles              198956                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.read_cycles             2646591                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.read_cycles              311582                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.read_cycles             2648708                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.read_cycles              186740                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.read_cycles             2662164                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.read_cycles              306777                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.read_cycles             2702035                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.read_cycles              182674                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.read_cycles             3089267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.read_cycles              306484                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.read_cycles             3169612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.read_cycles              183244                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.read_cycles             2617455                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.read_cycles              305855                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.read_cycles             3133128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.read_cycles              181885                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.read_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             266070                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             179920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             121050                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             143658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              30024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             181014                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             163164                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             143668                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              42978                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            145113                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            120766                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            143991                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             41104                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            145341                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            165296                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            143664                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             44314                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            180200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            176973                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            216460                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             33288                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            180830                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            165013                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            180663                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             45310                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            144590                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            135435                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            144059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             32358                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            145686                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            132412                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            143711                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             31583                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            146465                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            133742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            143988                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             29191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            145594                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            130129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            143839                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             31056                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            145003                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            122654                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            144191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             30407                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            144049                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            119723                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            143845                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             30337                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            144596                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles            141431                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            144117                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             26053                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles            143107                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles            135313                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles            143845                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             26595                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles            180005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles            124362                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles            216857                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             27251                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles            216614                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles            117409                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles            180619                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             30738                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_cycles            143468                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_cycles            125715                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_cycles            143674                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_cycles             29126                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_cycles            144892                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_cycles            130491                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_cycles            144077                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_cycles             28169                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_cycles            144886                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_cycles            138541                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_cycles            144015                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_cycles             28326                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_cycles            145263                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_cycles            136788                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_cycles            143676                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_cycles             28101                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_cycles           145411                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_cycles           143754                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_cycles           143957                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_cycles            29455                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_cycles           143968                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_cycles           146838                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_cycles           143986                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_cycles            28493                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_cycles           144270                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_cycles           132718                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_cycles           143794                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_cycles            27539                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_cycles           143544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_cycles           128992                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_cycles           143900                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_cycles            29773                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_cycles           144747                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_cycles           134175                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_cycles           144188                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_cycles            27628                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_cycles           145658                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_cycles           140308                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.compute_cycles           143675                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.compute_cycles            27582                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.compute_cycles           144165                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.compute_cycles           123244                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.compute_cycles           143726                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.compute_cycles            27642                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.compute_cycles           144429                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.compute_cycles           115460                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.compute_cycles           143826                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.compute_cycles            27816                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.compute_cycles           179109                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.compute_cycles           119438                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.compute_cycles           180059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.compute_cycles            26001                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.compute_cycles           144119                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.compute_cycles           116742                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.compute_cycles           180049                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.compute_cycles            27026                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.compute_cycles                0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              1013881                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles                35271                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles                29208                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles                32412                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles                30636                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles                26760                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles                42918                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles               27290                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles               30331                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles               39181                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles               24791                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles               27411                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles               42377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles               35841                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles               43477                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles               39785                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles               32575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles               33991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles               42464                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles               33863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles               37194                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles               38682                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles               30119                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles               32379                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles               35108                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles               33099                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles               35042                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles               38373                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles               31530                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles               33625                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles               35476                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles               27679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles               29600                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles               32059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles               30916                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles               32896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles               35449                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles               35693                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles               38592                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles               41173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles               32967                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles               34708                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles               38731                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles               38486                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles               48395                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles               35637                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles               41543                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles               36824                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles               32382                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_cycles               30416                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_cycles               32767                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_cycles               35693                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_cycles               33898                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_cycles               35334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_cycles               38972                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_cycles               35745                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_cycles               38108                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_cycles               41560                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_cycles               34062                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_cycles               36372                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_cycles               39136                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_cycles              35681                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_cycles              38609                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_cycles              41247                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_cycles              38804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_cycles              41068                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_cycles              44571                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_cycles              32916                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_cycles              36836                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_cycles              38863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_cycles              29690                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_cycles              33029                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_cycles              35390                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_cycles              33282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_cycles              35607                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_cycles              38102                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_cycles              35285                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_128.write_cycles              38024                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_129.write_cycles              41361                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_130.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_131.write_cycles              30816                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_132.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_133.write_cycles              32598                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_134.write_cycles              35098                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_135.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_136.write_cycles              28125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_137.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_138.write_cycles              30548                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_139.write_cycles              32152                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_140.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_141.write_cycles              37833                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_142.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_143.write_cycles              40446                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_144.write_cycles              35203                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_145.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_146.write_cycles              28229                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_147.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_148.write_cycles              36204                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_149.write_cycles              32055                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_150.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_151.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_152.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_153.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_154.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_155.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_156.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_157.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_158.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_159.write_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           641403                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          3094681                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           303551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2759713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           181186                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3074110                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           384726                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2744383                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           259089                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2580210                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          301987                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2661675                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          227348                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2578479                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          425826                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2690369                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          259219                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         3233824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          436985                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         3670213                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          218936                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         3238711                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          428302                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         3162003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          259060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2700402                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time          327539                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         2751716                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          194198                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         2645084                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          321149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         2659200                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          186579                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         2627820                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          321952                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         2628457                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time          189360                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         2752546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time          321930                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         2744660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          189581                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         2645490                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          308309                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         2638702                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          185139                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         2641183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          308639                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         2653785                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time          189081                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time         2646616                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          331684                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         2690251                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          193933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time         2600779                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          323858                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         2634564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          189531                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         3149048                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          352660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time         3716860                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          184259                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time         3621730                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time          305247                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time         3189862                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          181777                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.read_action_time         2569059                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.read_action_time          313695                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.read_action_time         2636319                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.read_action_time          187621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.read_action_time         2696790                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.read_action_time          328822                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.read_action_time         2668182                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.read_action_time          194153                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.read_action_time         2626965                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.read_action_time          331100                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.read_action_time         2801853                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.read_action_time          197400                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.read_action_time         2780719                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.read_action_time          327601                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.read_action_time         2699632                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.read_action_time          193731                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.read_action_time        2706569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.read_action_time         333064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.read_action_time        2726613                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.read_action_time         197883                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.read_action_time        2715698                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.read_action_time         337463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.read_action_time        2804210                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.read_action_time         200233                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.read_action_time        2683464                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.read_action_time         329700                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.read_action_time        2730624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.read_action_time         195595                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.read_action_time        2618162                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.read_action_time         322238                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.read_action_time        2714647                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.read_action_time         190759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.read_action_time        2699629                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.read_action_time         328128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.read_action_time        2760318                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.read_action_time         192103                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.read_action_time        2676502                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.read_action_time         333104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.read_action_time        2736772                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.read_action_time         198956                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.read_action_time        2646591                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.read_action_time         311582                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.read_action_time        2648708                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.read_action_time         186740                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.read_action_time        2662164                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.read_action_time         306777                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.read_action_time        2702035                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.read_action_time         182674                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.read_action_time        3089267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.read_action_time         306484                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.read_action_time        3169612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.read_action_time         183244                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.read_action_time        2617455                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.read_action_time         305855                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.read_action_time        3133128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.read_action_time         181885                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.read_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263118                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        179920                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        117093                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        143658                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         27245                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        181014                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        158599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        143668                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         39952                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       145113                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       116292                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       143991                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        37291                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       145341                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       160385                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       143664                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        40499                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       180200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       173461                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       216460                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        29430                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       180830                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       160926                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       180663                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        41075                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       144590                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       133032                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       144059                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        28915                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       145686                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       128957                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       143711                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        28339                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       146465                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       131013                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       143988                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        26877                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       145594                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       127161                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       143839                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        28228                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       145003                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       118952                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       144191                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        27336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       144049                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       118460                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       143845                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        27595                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       144596                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time       139992                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       144117                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        25669                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time       143107                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time       133779                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time       143845                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        26144                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time       180005                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time       123580                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time       216857                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        26108                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time       216614                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time       116085                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time       180619                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        27713                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.compute_action_time       143468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.compute_action_time       125207                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.compute_action_time       143674                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.compute_action_time        27514                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.compute_action_time       144892                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.compute_action_time       129637                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.compute_action_time       144077                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.compute_action_time        26469                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.compute_action_time       144886                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.compute_action_time       136520                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.compute_action_time       144015                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.compute_action_time        26686                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.compute_action_time       145263                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.compute_action_time       135443                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.compute_action_time       143676                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.compute_action_time        26600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.compute_action_time       145411                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.compute_action_time       142868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.compute_action_time       143957                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.compute_action_time        27511                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.compute_action_time       143968                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.compute_action_time       146838                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.compute_action_time       143986                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.compute_action_time        26717                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.compute_action_time       144270                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.compute_action_time       131513                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.compute_action_time       143794                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.compute_action_time        26023                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.compute_action_time       143544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.compute_action_time       126208                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.compute_action_time       143900                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.compute_action_time        27033                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.compute_action_time       144747                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.compute_action_time       133376                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.compute_action_time       144188                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.compute_action_time        25967                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.compute_action_time       145658                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.compute_action_time       139651                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.compute_action_time       143675                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.compute_action_time        27207                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.compute_action_time       144165                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.compute_action_time       121446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.compute_action_time       143726                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.compute_action_time        26155                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.compute_action_time       144429                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.compute_action_time       115079                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.compute_action_time       143826                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.compute_action_time        26076                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.compute_action_time       179109                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.compute_action_time       117543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.compute_action_time       180059                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.compute_action_time        25211                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.compute_action_time       144119                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.compute_action_time       115125                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.compute_action_time       180049                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.compute_action_time        26090                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          679424                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time           35271                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time           29208                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time           31509                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time           30636                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time           26760                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time           42111                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time          27290                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time          30331                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time          38264                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time          24791                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time          27411                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time          41551                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time          35841                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time          43477                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time          38845                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time          32575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time          33991                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time          41591                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time          33863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time          37194                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time          37569                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time          30119                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time          32379                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time          34065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time          33099                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time          35042                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time          37248                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time          31530                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time          33625                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time          34440                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time          27679                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time          29600                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time          31136                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time          30916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time          32896                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time          34434                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time          35693                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time          38592                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time          39963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time          32967                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time          34708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time          37590                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time          38486                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time          48395                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time          34623                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time          41543                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time          36824                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time          31462                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.write_action_time          30416                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.write_action_time          32767                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.write_action_time          34641                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.write_action_time          33898                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.write_action_time          35334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.write_action_time          37854                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.write_action_time          35745                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.write_action_time          38108                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.write_action_time          40333                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.write_action_time          34062                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.write_action_time          36372                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.write_action_time          38010                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.write_action_time         35681                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.write_action_time         38609                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.write_action_time         40044                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.write_action_time         38804                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.write_action_time         41068                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.write_action_time         43284                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.write_action_time         32916                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.write_action_time         36836                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.write_action_time         37740                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.write_action_time         29690                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.write_action_time         33029                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.write_action_time         34349                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.write_action_time         33282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.write_action_time         35607                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.write_action_time         36963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.write_action_time         35285                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.write_action_time         38024                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.write_action_time         40119                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.write_action_time         30816                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.write_action_time         32598                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.write_action_time         34093                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.write_action_time         28125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.write_action_time         30548                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.write_action_time         31209                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.write_action_time         37833                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.write_action_time         40446                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.write_action_time         34152                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.write_action_time         28229                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.write_action_time         36204                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.write_action_time         31091                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.write_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             803350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            3099383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             303551                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2763514                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             184981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            3078101                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             384726                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2747830                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             264203                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2583798                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            301987                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2665614                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            232080                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2581708                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            425826                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2693807                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            264376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           3238310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            436985                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           3675926                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            223590                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           3242743                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            428302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           3166311                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            264260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2704700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            327539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           2756287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            198792                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           2649011                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            321149                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           2663587                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            190748                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           2632132                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            321952                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           2633577                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            193995                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           2756484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time            321930                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           2749024                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            193836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           2649198                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            308309                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           2642973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            189017                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           2645329                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            308639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           2658362                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time            193385                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time           2651274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            331684                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           2695372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            198898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time           2605083                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            323858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           2639194                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            194042                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           3153964                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            352660                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time           3723295                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            188479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time           3627101                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            305247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time           3194938                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            185591                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_80.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_81.rw_action_time           2573035                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_82.rw_action_time            313695                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_83.rw_action_time           2640577                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_84.rw_action_time            191886                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_85.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_86.rw_action_time           2701113                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_87.rw_action_time            328822                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_88.rw_action_time           2672847                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_89.rw_action_time            198867                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_90.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_91.rw_action_time           2631634                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_92.rw_action_time            331100                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_93.rw_action_time           2806812                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_94.rw_action_time            202418                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_95.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_96.rw_action_time           2785016                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_97.rw_action_time            327601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_98.rw_action_time           2704776                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_99.rw_action_time            198372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_100.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_101.rw_action_time          2711222                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_102.rw_action_time           333064                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_103.rw_action_time          2731567                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_104.rw_action_time           202877                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_105.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_106.rw_action_time          2720808                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_107.rw_action_time           337463                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_108.rw_action_time          2809582                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_109.rw_action_time           205696                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_110.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_111.rw_action_time          2687758                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_112.rw_action_time           329700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_113.rw_action_time          2735299                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_114.rw_action_time           200269                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_115.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_116.rw_action_time          2622102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_117.rw_action_time           322238                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_118.rw_action_time          2718899                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_119.rw_action_time           195007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_120.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_121.rw_action_time          2703936                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_122.rw_action_time           328128                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_123.rw_action_time          2764962                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_124.rw_action_time           196771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_125.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_126.rw_action_time          2681166                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_127.rw_action_time           333104                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_128.rw_action_time          2742081                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_129.rw_action_time           203992                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_130.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_131.rw_action_time          2650583                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_132.rw_action_time           311582                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_133.rw_action_time          2653260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_134.rw_action_time           190965                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_135.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_136.rw_action_time          2665744                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_137.rw_action_time           306777                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_138.rw_action_time          2706454                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_139.rw_action_time           186525                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_140.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_141.rw_action_time          3094203                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_142.rw_action_time           306484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_143.rw_action_time          3175073                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_144.rw_action_time           187480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_145.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_146.rw_action_time          2621155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_147.rw_action_time           305855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_148.rw_action_time          3138238                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_149.rw_action_time           185732                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_150.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_151.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_152.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_153.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_154.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_155.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_156.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_157.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_158.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_159.rw_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              2269                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1027                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1779                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               907                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             2271                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1057                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1813                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1000                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2944                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1445                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2363                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1040                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             4176                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1948                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2857                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             2008                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles             4098                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles             2651                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             3773                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles             1939                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles             2870                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             1807                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             4809                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             2090                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles             6067                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles             4084                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles             5954                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             4067                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             6087                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles             3299                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             5900                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles             1902                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_busy_cycles             6430                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_busy_cycles             3506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_busy_cycles             6429                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_busy_cycles             4036                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_busy_cycles             5061                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_busy_cycles             3599                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_busy_cycles             5305                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_busy_cycles             3390                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_busy_cycles            5162                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_busy_cycles            3739                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_busy_cycles            6853                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_busy_cycles            4033                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_busy_cycles            5645                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_busy_cycles            3455                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_busy_cycles            4346                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_busy_cycles            2943                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_busy_cycles            6623                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_busy_cycles            3734                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_busy_cycles            6394                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_busy_cycles            4183                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_busy_cycles            4997                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_busy_cycles            3390                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_busy_cycles            5833                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_busy_cycles            3178                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_busy_cycles            5245                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_busy_cycles            3813                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_busy_cycles            5773                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_busy_cycles            3550                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_busy_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         100473804                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         100784069                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         102618338                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98696642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         100473800                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         100784065                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         102618334                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98696648                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        100473806                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        100784071                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        102618340                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98696644                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        100473802                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        100784067                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        102618336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98696653                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        100473811                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        100784076                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        102618345                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98696649                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        100473807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        100784072                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        102618341                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98696665                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        100473823                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        100784088                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        102618357                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98696661                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        100473819                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        100784084                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        102618353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         98696670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        100473828                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        100784093                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        102618362                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         98696666                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        100473824                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        100784089                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        102618358                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         98696662                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        100473820                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        100784085                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        102618354                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         98696668                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        100473826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        100784091                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        102618360                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         98696682                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        100473840                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        100784105                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        102618374                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         98696678                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        100473836                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        100784101                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        102618370                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         98696674                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        100473832                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        100784097                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        102618366                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         98696670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        100473828                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        100784093                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        102618362                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_idle_cycles         98696679                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_idle_cycles        100473837                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_idle_cycles        100784102                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_idle_cycles        102618371                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_idle_cycles         98696685                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_idle_cycles        100473843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_idle_cycles        100784108                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_idle_cycles        102618377                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_idle_cycles         98696691                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_idle_cycles        100473849                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_idle_cycles        100784114                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_idle_cycles        102618383                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_idle_cycles         98696687                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_idle_cycles        100473845                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_idle_cycles        100784110                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_idle_cycles        102618379                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_idle_cycles        98696696                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_idle_cycles       100473854                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_idle_cycles       100784119                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_idle_cycles       102618388                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_idle_cycles        98696702                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_idle_cycles       100473860                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_idle_cycles       100784125                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_idle_cycles       102618394                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_idle_cycles        98696693                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_idle_cycles       100473851                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_idle_cycles       100784116                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_idle_cycles       102618385                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_idle_cycles        98696689                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_idle_cycles       100473847                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_idle_cycles       100784112                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_idle_cycles       102618381                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_idle_cycles        98696698                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_idle_cycles       100473856                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_idle_cycles       100784121                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_idle_cycles       102618390                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_idle_cycles        98696704                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_idle_cycles       100473862                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_idle_cycles       100784127                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_idle_cycles       102618396                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_idle_cycles        98696695                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_idle_cycles       100473853                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_idle_cycles       100784118                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_idle_cycles       102618387                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_idle_cycles        98696692                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_idle_cycles       100473850                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_idle_cycles       100784115                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_idle_cycles       102618384                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_idle_cycles        98696700                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_idle_cycles       100473858                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_idle_cycles       100784123                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_idle_cycles       102618392                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_idle_cycles        98696696                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_idle_cycles       100473856                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_idle_cycles       100784119                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_idle_cycles       102618388                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_idle_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          4809951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          5838634                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4700139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          5818239                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          4612901                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          5840569                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          4700997                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          5816704                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          4648657                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         5836315                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         4700280                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         5811683                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4612966                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         5831767                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4744073                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         5802338                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         4648291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         6352932                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         4741190                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         6339060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         4651343                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         6348422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         4745423                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         6340261                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         4648596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         5882168                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         4700235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         5856266                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         4618926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         5857141                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         4700926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         5828530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         4615127                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         5844990                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         4700372                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         5821297                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         4615462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         5873731                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         4702051                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         5850176                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         4616720                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         5859548                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         4700835                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         5818774                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         4615232                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         5859745                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         4699165                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         5834399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         4616883                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         5885291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         4699842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         5850205                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         4616725                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles         5861307                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         4696634                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         5827259                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         4614694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         6367151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         4740061                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         6359051                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         4612597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles         6361892                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         4696702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         6351100                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         4612062                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.dma_stall_cycles         5854328                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.dma_stall_cycles         4697615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.dma_stall_cycles         5826453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.dma_stall_cycles         4613423                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.dma_stall_cycles         5871819                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.dma_stall_cycles         4701410                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.dma_stall_cycles         5848966                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.dma_stall_cycles         4617845                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.dma_stall_cycles         5908926                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.dma_stall_cycles         4702155                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.dma_stall_cycles         5880942                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.dma_stall_cycles         4618523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.dma_stall_cycles         5880632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.dma_stall_cycles         4699886                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.dma_stall_cycles         5865117                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.dma_stall_cycles         4617300                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.dma_stall_cycles        5895239                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.dma_stall_cycles        4700863                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.dma_stall_cycles        5866114                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.dma_stall_cycles        4618798                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.dma_stall_cycles        5913421                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.dma_stall_cycles        4700829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.dma_stall_cycles        5882876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.dma_stall_cycles        4620437                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.dma_stall_cycles        5908546                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.dma_stall_cycles        4701545                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.dma_stall_cycles        5880781                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.dma_stall_cycles        4618923                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.dma_stall_cycles        5884060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.dma_stall_cycles        4701964                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.dma_stall_cycles        5859727                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.dma_stall_cycles        4615534                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.dma_stall_cycles        5889362                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.dma_stall_cycles        4699365                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.dma_stall_cycles        5863360                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.dma_stall_cycles        4615792                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.dma_stall_cycles        5904368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.dma_stall_cycles        4700326                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.dma_stall_cycles        5883906                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.dma_stall_cycles        4619925                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.dma_stall_cycles        5863223                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.dma_stall_cycles        4699876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.dma_stall_cycles        5828935                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.dma_stall_cycles        4613666                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.dma_stall_cycles        5859468                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.dma_stall_cycles        4698992                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.dma_stall_cycles        5831752                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.dma_stall_cycles        4611291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.dma_stall_cycles        5838617                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.dma_stall_cycles        4698214                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.dma_stall_cycles        5820873                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.dma_stall_cycles        4610721                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.dma_stall_cycles        5845002                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.dma_stall_cycles        4698551                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.dma_stall_cycles        5818591                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.dma_stall_cycles        4610491                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.dma_stall_cycles              0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               242                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                13                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              215                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               28                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               34                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              191                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              186                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               19                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0               19                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               11                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0              180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              207                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               26                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0              268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0              257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               27                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_0               23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_0              197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_0               16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_0              195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_0               25                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_0              211                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_0               17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_0              187                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_0              198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_0               14                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_0              182                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_0               21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_0              194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_0               12                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_0             175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_0             189                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_0             175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_0              17                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_0             184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_0             166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_0             179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_0             183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_0              26                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_0             184                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_0              11                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_0             176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_0              21                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_0             177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_0              11                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_0             172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_0              19                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_0             172                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_0              18                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_0             185                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_0              23                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_0             188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_0             174                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_0              22                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_0             192                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_0              16                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_0             232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_0              20                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_0             227                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_0              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_0             180                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_0              24                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_0             224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_0              15                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_0               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1               958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              432                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1              954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1              952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1              952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1              952                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1              951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1              950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1              937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1              938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              276                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1              946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              421                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1              944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_1              266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_1              947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_1              283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_1              278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_1              945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_1              286                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_1              274                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_1              945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_1              285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_1              947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_1              275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_1              288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_1             275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_1             942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_1             283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_1             277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_1             946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_1             287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_1             275                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_1             947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_1             280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_1             271                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_1             946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_1             279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_1             278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_1             943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_1             287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_1             272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_1             941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_1             281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_1             272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_1             944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_1             280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_1             282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_1             948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_1             281                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_1             345                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_1             940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_1             352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_1             282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_1             941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_1             342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_1             288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_1               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2               731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11670                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             11663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2               925                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             11951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             9307                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            11325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2              808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             9380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            11931                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            12077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1117                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            17367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2              743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            12118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            14766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             9285                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            10907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2              584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2             9297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2              731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            10975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2              613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2             9150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2            10638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2              583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2             9431                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2            10935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2              610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2             9359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2            11373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2              613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2             9296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2              735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2            10834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2              608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2             9042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2            10613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2              588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2             9135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2            10832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2              584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2            11822                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2              921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2            16596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2              610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2            14230                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2            14679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2              614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_80.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_81.onTLbMissCall_2             9051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_82.onTLbMissCall_2              728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_83.onTLbMissCall_2            10986                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_84.onTLbMissCall_2              612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_85.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_86.onTLbMissCall_2             9323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_87.onTLbMissCall_2              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_88.onTLbMissCall_2            10603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_89.onTLbMissCall_2              581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_90.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_91.onTLbMissCall_2             8956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_92.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_93.onTLbMissCall_2            10694                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_94.onTLbMissCall_2              583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_95.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_96.onTLbMissCall_2             9392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_97.onTLbMissCall_2              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_98.onTLbMissCall_2            10732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_99.onTLbMissCall_2              587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_100.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_101.onTLbMissCall_2            9228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_102.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_103.onTLbMissCall_2           10509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_104.onTLbMissCall_2             581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_105.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_106.onTLbMissCall_2            9077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_107.onTLbMissCall_2             727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_108.onTLbMissCall_2           10583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_109.onTLbMissCall_2             583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_110.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_111.onTLbMissCall_2            9119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_112.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_113.onTLbMissCall_2           10744                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_114.onTLbMissCall_2             580                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_115.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_116.onTLbMissCall_2            9065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_117.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_118.onTLbMissCall_2           10893                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_119.onTLbMissCall_2             616                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_120.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_121.onTLbMissCall_2            9181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_122.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_123.onTLbMissCall_2           10936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_124.onTLbMissCall_2             587                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_125.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_126.onTLbMissCall_2            9052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_127.onTLbMissCall_2             731                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_128.onTLbMissCall_2           10528                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_129.onTLbMissCall_2             583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_130.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_131.onTLbMissCall_2            9273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_132.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_133.onTLbMissCall_2           10857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_134.onTLbMissCall_2             607                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_135.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_136.onTLbMissCall_2            9414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_137.onTLbMissCall_2             729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_138.onTLbMissCall_2           11491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_139.onTLbMissCall_2             614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_140.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_141.onTLbMissCall_2           11461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_142.onTLbMissCall_2             732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_143.onTLbMissCall_2           13715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_144.onTLbMissCall_2             612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_145.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_146.onTLbMissCall_2            9336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_147.onTLbMissCall_2             730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_148.onTLbMissCall_2           14277                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_149.onTLbMissCall_2             614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_150.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_151.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_152.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_153.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_154.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_155.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_156.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_157.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_158.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_159.onTLbMissCall_2               0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           10479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           13763                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            6010                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             736                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            3025                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           18900                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            6174                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             736                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            3059                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles          16682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           6093                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          12416                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           3925                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          15637                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           6314                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            735                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           3914                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          16243                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           6180                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles          11991                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           3929                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          14983                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           5983                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            728                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           3928                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles          12121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           6450                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles          12277                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           4032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles          14449                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           6519                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles          12553                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           3885                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles          13597                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles           6567                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles          11902                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           3978                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles          10864                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           6568                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles          11734                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           3995                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles          15153                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           6419                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles          12729                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           3975                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles          12312                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles           6375                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles          12739                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles           3845                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles          13364                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles           7461                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles          13274                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           4597                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles          11979                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           7502                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles          12601                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles           4591                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles          12729                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           7046                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles          12790                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles           3975                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles          15855                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles           7143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles          12628                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           3962                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_80.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_81.mshr_stall_cycles          17607                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_82.mshr_stall_cycles           7014                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_83.mshr_stall_cycles          13143                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_84.mshr_stall_cycles           4852                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_85.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_86.mshr_stall_cycles          10694                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_87.mshr_stall_cycles           7035                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_88.mshr_stall_cycles          12198                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_89.mshr_stall_cycles           4573                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_90.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_91.mshr_stall_cycles          12007                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_92.mshr_stall_cycles           7377                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_93.mshr_stall_cycles          12454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_94.mshr_stall_cycles           4721                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_95.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_96.mshr_stall_cycles          10463                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_97.mshr_stall_cycles           7175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_98.mshr_stall_cycles          11731                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_99.mshr_stall_cycles           4876                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_100.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_101.mshr_stall_cycles          9423                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_102.mshr_stall_cycles          7584                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_103.mshr_stall_cycles         12445                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_104.mshr_stall_cycles          4812                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_105.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_106.mshr_stall_cycles         11422                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_107.mshr_stall_cycles          6041                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_108.mshr_stall_cycles         13042                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_109.mshr_stall_cycles          4616                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_110.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_111.mshr_stall_cycles         13521                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_112.mshr_stall_cycles          6836                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_113.mshr_stall_cycles         13372                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_114.mshr_stall_cycles          4766                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_115.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_116.mshr_stall_cycles         11697                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_117.mshr_stall_cycles          7208                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_118.mshr_stall_cycles         12733                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_119.mshr_stall_cycles          4901                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_120.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_121.mshr_stall_cycles         24039                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_122.mshr_stall_cycles          6655                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_123.mshr_stall_cycles         11994                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_124.mshr_stall_cycles          4798                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_125.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_126.mshr_stall_cycles         12708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_127.mshr_stall_cycles          7169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_128.mshr_stall_cycles         12915                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_129.mshr_stall_cycles          4485                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_130.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_131.mshr_stall_cycles          9616                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_132.mshr_stall_cycles          7164                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_133.mshr_stall_cycles         13488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_134.mshr_stall_cycles          4800                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_135.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_136.mshr_stall_cycles         10728                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_137.mshr_stall_cycles          6499                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_138.mshr_stall_cycles         13422                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_139.mshr_stall_cycles          4938                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_140.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_141.mshr_stall_cycles         11111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_142.mshr_stall_cycles          7545                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_143.mshr_stall_cycles         12855                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_144.mshr_stall_cycles          4641                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_145.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_146.mshr_stall_cycles         13934                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_147.mshr_stall_cycles          7108                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_148.mshr_stall_cycles         13835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_149.mshr_stall_cycles          4831                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_150.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_151.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_152.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_153.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_154.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_155.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_156.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_157.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_158.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_159.mshr_stall_cycles             0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      220364     25.35%     25.35% |      216325     24.88%     50.23% |      216330     24.88%     75.12% |      216328     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       869347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       57043     25.98%     25.98% |       54181     24.68%     50.66% |       54187     24.68%     75.34% |       54142     24.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219553                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      220391     25.35%     25.35% |      216325     24.88%     50.23% |      216330     24.88%     75.12% |      216327     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       869373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62939     25.88%     25.88% |       60083     24.71%     50.59% |       60093     24.71%     75.31% |       60049     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243164                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      155129     25.14%     25.14% |      153952     24.95%     50.09% |      153951     24.95%     75.04% |      153994     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      220364     25.35%     25.35% |      216325     24.88%     50.23% |      216330     24.88%     75.12% |      216328     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       869347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56788     25.96%     25.96% |       53987     24.68%     50.65% |       53997     24.69%     75.33% |       53953     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218725                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      155129     25.14%     25.14% |      153952     24.95%     50.09% |      153951     24.95%     75.04% |      153994     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      220364     25.35%     25.35% |      216325     24.88%     50.23% |      216330     24.88%     75.12% |      216327     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       869346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56788     25.96%     25.96% |       53987     24.68%     50.65% |       53997     24.69%     75.33% |       53953     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218725                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3960286     74.08%     74.08% |          76      0.00%     74.08% |       55651      1.04%     75.12% |       47451      0.89%     76.01% |       43443      0.81%     76.82% |       44403      0.83%     77.65% |       60531      1.13%     78.79% |       54107      1.01%     79.80% |       43171      0.81%     80.60% |       43171      0.81%     81.41% |       42915      0.80%     82.22% |       42915      0.80%     83.02% |       43043      0.81%     83.82% |       42787      0.80%     84.62% |       43043      0.81%     85.43% |       43171      0.81%     86.24% |       60043      1.12%     87.36% |       56779      1.06%     88.42% |       43043      0.81%     89.23% |       42915      0.80%     90.03% |       43171      0.81%     90.84% |       43171      0.81%     91.64% |       42787      0.80%     92.44% |       43043      0.81%     93.25% |       43043      0.81%     94.05% |       42915      0.80%     94.86% |       43171      0.81%     95.67% |       42915      0.80%     96.47% |       42787      0.80%     97.27% |       43171      0.81%     98.08% |       53131      0.99%     99.07% |       49739      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5345988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3814050    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3814050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7673682     99.13%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |       11051      0.14%     99.27% |        2553      0.03%     99.30% |        1897      0.02%     99.33% |        2481      0.03%     99.36% |        2625      0.03%     99.39% |        2625      0.03%     99.43% |        1825      0.02%     99.45% |        1825      0.02%     99.47% |        1825      0.02%     99.50% |        1825      0.02%     99.52% |        1825      0.02%     99.54% |        1825      0.02%     99.57% |        1825      0.02%     99.59% |        1825      0.02%     99.61% |        2041      0.03%     99.64% |        2041      0.03%     99.67% |        1825      0.02%     99.69% |        1825      0.02%     99.71% |        1825      0.02%     99.74% |        1825      0.02%     99.76% |        1825      0.02%     99.79% |        1825      0.02%     99.81% |        1825      0.02%     99.83% |        1825      0.02%     99.86% |        1825      0.02%     99.88% |        1825      0.02%     99.90% |        1825      0.02%     99.93% |        1825      0.02%     99.95% |        1969      0.03%     99.98% |        1897      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7741362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15662     42.28%     42.28% |          71      0.19%     42.47% |        4245     11.46%     53.93% |         695      1.88%     55.81% |         720      1.94%     57.75% |         819      2.21%     59.96% |         417      1.13%     61.09% |         543      1.47%     62.56% |         558      1.51%     64.06% |         434      1.17%     65.23% |         685      1.85%     67.08% |         363      0.98%     68.06% |         474      1.28%     69.34% |         648      1.75%     71.09% |         690      1.86%     72.96% |        1101      2.97%     75.93% |         324      0.87%     76.80% |         414      1.12%     77.92% |        1091      2.95%     80.86% |         536      1.45%     82.31% |         646      1.74%     84.06% |         574      1.55%     85.61% |         522      1.41%     87.01% |         551      1.49%     88.50% |         629      1.70%     90.20% |         525      1.42%     91.62% |         400      1.08%     92.70% |         653      1.76%     94.46% |         671      1.81%     96.27% |         516      1.39%     97.66% |         323      0.87%     98.54% |         542      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        37042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561492     46.57%     46.57% |           0      0.00%     46.57% |       38118      3.16%     49.73% |       22443      1.86%     51.59% |       19756      1.64%     53.23% |       20312      1.68%     54.91% |       27154      2.25%     57.16% |       24981      2.07%     59.24% |       19637      1.63%     60.86% |       19594      1.63%     62.49% |       19581      1.62%     64.11% |       19585      1.62%     65.74% |       19593      1.62%     67.36% |       19596      1.63%     68.99% |       19598      1.63%     70.61% |       19586      1.62%     72.24% |       26783      2.22%     74.46% |       26583      2.20%     76.66% |       19585      1.62%     78.29% |       19574      1.62%     79.91% |       19590      1.62%     81.54% |       19594      1.63%     83.16% |       19591      1.62%     84.79% |       19586      1.62%     86.41% |       19610      1.63%     88.04% |       19611      1.63%     89.66% |       19602      1.63%     91.29% |       19608      1.63%     92.91% |       19606      1.63%     94.54% |       19604      1.63%     96.17% |       24277      2.01%     98.18% |       21944      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1205774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.03%      0.03% |         192      4.83%      4.85% |         192      4.83%      9.68% |         191      4.80%     14.48% |         129      3.24%     17.73% |         194      4.88%     22.60% |         128      3.22%     25.82% |         128      3.22%     29.04% |         128      3.22%     32.26% |         128      3.22%     35.48% |         128      3.22%     38.70% |         128      3.22%     41.92% |         128      3.22%     45.13% |         128      3.22%     48.35% |         128      3.22%     51.57% |         128      3.22%     54.79% |         128      3.22%     58.01% |         128      3.22%     61.23% |         128      3.22%     64.45% |         128      3.22%     67.66% |         128      3.22%     70.88% |         128      3.22%     74.10% |         128      3.22%     77.32% |         128      3.22%     80.54% |         128      3.22%     83.76% |         128      3.22%     86.98% |         128      3.22%     90.19% |         129      3.24%     93.44% |         128      3.22%     96.66% |         133      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.31%      0.31% |           4      0.09%      0.39% |          14      0.31%      0.70% |         191      4.17%      4.87% |         183      4.00%      8.87% |         185      4.04%     12.92% |         158      3.45%     16.37% |         200      4.37%     20.74% |         150      3.28%     24.02% |         150      3.28%     27.29% |         149      3.26%     30.55% |         149      3.26%     33.81% |         149      3.26%     37.06% |         150      3.28%     40.34% |         150      3.28%     43.62% |         149      3.26%     46.87% |         156      3.41%     50.28% |         152      3.32%     53.61% |         150      3.28%     56.88% |         150      3.28%     60.16% |         152      3.32%     63.48% |         149      3.26%     66.74% |         150      3.28%     70.02% |         150      3.28%     73.30% |         154      3.37%     76.66% |         149      3.26%     79.92% |         150      3.28%     83.19% |         153      3.34%     86.54% |         149      3.26%     89.79% |         150      3.28%     93.07% |         150      3.28%     96.35% |         167      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         4576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     96.92%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154572     19.40%     19.40% |          63      0.01%     19.41% |       26491      3.33%     22.74% |       22737      2.85%     25.59% |       20090      2.52%     28.11% |       20598      2.59%     30.70% |       27419      3.44%     34.14% |       25253      3.17%     37.31% |       19936      2.50%     39.81% |       19932      2.50%     42.31% |       19930      2.50%     44.81% |       19932      2.50%     47.32% |       19931      2.50%     49.82% |       19930      2.50%     52.32% |       19932      2.50%     54.82% |       19930      2.50%     57.32% |       27090      3.40%     60.72% |       26903      3.38%     64.10% |       19929      2.50%     66.60% |       19929      2.50%     69.10% |       19928      2.50%     71.60% |       19931      2.50%     74.11% |       19931      2.50%     76.61% |       19928      2.50%     79.11% |       19933      2.50%     81.61% |       19931      2.50%     84.11% |       19930      2.50%     86.61% |       19936      2.50%     89.12% |       19932      2.50%     91.62% |       19934      2.50%     94.12% |       24576      3.08%     97.21% |       22259      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       796676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.04%      0.04% |          13      0.28%      0.33% |        3861     84.38%     84.70% |          30      0.66%     85.36% |          21      0.46%     85.82% |          47      1.03%     86.84% |          25      0.55%     87.39% |          35      0.76%     88.16% |          22      0.48%     88.64% |          21      0.46%     89.10% |          21      0.46%     89.55% |          21      0.46%     90.01% |          23      0.50%     90.52% |          22      0.48%     91.00% |          22      0.48%     91.48% |          21      0.46%     91.94% |          29      0.63%     92.57% |          25      0.55%     93.12% |          22      0.48%     93.60% |          22      0.48%     94.08% |          28      0.61%     94.69% |          22      0.48%     95.17% |          22      0.48%     95.65% |          25      0.55%     96.20% |          26      0.57%     96.77% |          22      0.48%     97.25% |          22      0.48%     97.73% |          21      0.46%     98.19% |          21      0.46%     98.65% |          24      0.52%     99.17% |          22      0.48%     99.65% |          16      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         4576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      410676     96.81%     96.81% |           0      0.00%     96.81% |        8229      1.94%     98.75% |         202      0.05%     98.80% |         171      0.04%     98.84% |         195      0.05%     98.88% |         241      0.06%     98.94% |         226      0.05%     98.99% |         211      0.05%     99.04% |         171      0.04%     99.08% |         159      0.04%     99.12% |         166      0.04%     99.16% |         171      0.04%     99.20% |         175      0.04%     99.24% |         175      0.04%     99.28% |         164      0.04%     99.32% |         194      0.05%     99.37% |         183      0.04%     99.41% |         160      0.04%     99.45% |         155      0.04%     99.49% |         164      0.04%     99.52% |         175      0.04%     99.57% |         171      0.04%     99.61% |         166      0.04%     99.64% |         184      0.04%     99.69% |         188      0.04%     99.73% |         183      0.04%     99.78% |         182      0.04%     99.82% |         189      0.04%     99.86% |         179      0.04%     99.91% |         204      0.05%     99.95% |         197      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       424206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          92     42.40%     42.40% |           6      2.76%     45.16% |           4      1.84%     47.00% |           6      2.76%     49.77% |           4      1.84%     51.61% |           7      3.23%     54.84% |           4      1.84%     56.68% |           4      1.84%     58.53% |           4      1.84%     60.37% |           4      1.84%     62.21% |           4      1.84%     64.06% |           4      1.84%     65.90% |           4      1.84%     67.74% |           4      1.84%     69.59% |           5      2.30%     71.89% |           4      1.84%     73.73% |           4      1.84%     75.58% |           4      1.84%     77.42% |           4      1.84%     79.26% |           4      1.84%     81.11% |           4      1.84%     82.95% |           4      1.84%     84.79% |           4      1.84%     86.64% |           4      1.84%     88.48% |           4      1.84%     90.32% |           4      1.84%     92.17% |           4      1.84%     94.01% |           4      1.84%     95.85% |           4      1.84%     97.70% |           5      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.72%      9.72% |           0      0.00%      9.72% |          68     31.48%     41.20% |           6      2.78%     43.98% |           4      1.85%     45.83% |           6      2.78%     48.61% |           4      1.85%     50.46% |           8      3.70%     54.17% |           4      1.85%     56.02% |           4      1.85%     57.87% |           4      1.85%     59.72% |           4      1.85%     61.57% |           4      1.85%     63.43% |           4      1.85%     65.28% |           4      1.85%     67.13% |           4      1.85%     68.98% |           5      2.31%     71.30% |           4      1.85%     73.15% |           4      1.85%     75.00% |           4      1.85%     76.85% |           4      1.85%     78.70% |           4      1.85%     80.56% |           4      1.85%     82.41% |           4      1.85%     84.26% |           4      1.85%     86.11% |           4      1.85%     87.96% |           4      1.85%     89.81% |           4      1.85%     91.67% |           4      1.85%     93.52% |           4      1.85%     95.37% |           4      1.85%     97.22% |           6      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438163     41.48%     41.48% |           0      0.00%     41.48% |       33834      3.20%     44.69% |       21513      2.04%     46.72% |       18813      1.78%     48.50% |       19304      1.83%     50.33% |       26539      2.51%     52.84% |       24182      2.29%     55.13% |       18898      1.79%     56.92% |       19004      1.80%     58.72% |       18750      1.78%     60.50% |       19060      1.80%     62.30% |       18962      1.80%     64.10% |       18812      1.78%     65.88% |       18745      1.77%     67.65% |       18347      1.74%     69.39% |       26272      2.49%     71.88% |       25978      2.46%     74.34% |       18354      1.74%     76.07% |       18888      1.79%     77.86% |       18782      1.78%     79.64% |       18869      1.79%     81.43% |       18950      1.79%     83.22% |       18877      1.79%     85.01% |       18839      1.78%     86.79% |       18914      1.79%     88.58% |       19034      1.80%     90.39% |       18781      1.78%     92.16% |       18779      1.78%     93.94% |       18923      1.79%     95.73% |       23766      2.25%     97.98% |       21304      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1056236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153458     19.12%     19.12% |          38      0.00%     19.13% |       30427      3.79%     22.92% |       22842      2.85%     25.77% |       20181      2.52%     28.28% |       20711      2.58%     30.86% |       27542      3.43%     34.30% |       25371      3.16%     37.46% |       20051      2.50%     39.96% |       20025      2.50%     42.45% |       20012      2.49%     44.95% |       20023      2.50%     47.44% |       20024      2.50%     49.94% |       20018      2.49%     52.43% |       20029      2.50%     54.93% |       20017      2.49%     57.42% |       27210      3.39%     60.81% |       27019      3.37%     64.18% |       20016      2.49%     66.68% |       20012      2.49%     69.17% |       20028      2.50%     71.67% |       20025      2.50%     74.16% |       20022      2.50%     76.66% |       20024      2.50%     79.15% |       20024      2.50%     81.65% |       20042      2.50%     84.14% |       20040      2.50%     86.64% |       20039      2.50%     89.14% |       20037      2.50%     91.64% |       20042      2.50%     94.13% |       24697      3.08%     97.21% |       22373      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122905    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286037     96.39%     96.39% |           0      0.00%     96.39% |        8203      2.76%     99.15% |         113      0.04%     99.19% |          87      0.03%     99.22% |         113      0.04%     99.26% |         124      0.04%     99.30% |         122      0.04%     99.34% |          98      0.03%     99.37% |          81      0.03%     99.40% |          81      0.03%     99.43% |          74      0.02%     99.45% |          81      0.03%     99.48% |          90      0.03%     99.51% |          81      0.03%     99.54% |          81      0.03%     99.57% |          85      0.03%     99.59% |          76      0.03%     99.62% |          81      0.03%     99.65% |          74      0.02%     99.67% |          74      0.02%     99.70% |          81      0.03%     99.72% |          81      0.03%     99.75% |          74      0.02%     99.78% |          98      0.03%     99.81% |          81      0.03%     99.84% |          74      0.02%     99.86% |          81      0.03%     99.89% |          81      0.03%     99.92% |          74      0.02%     99.94% |          92      0.03%     99.97% |          83      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11272     56.02%     56.02% |           0      0.00%     56.02% |        3863     19.20%     75.21% |         203      1.01%     76.22% |         195      0.97%     77.19% |         213      1.06%     78.25% |         175      0.87%     79.12% |         214      1.06%     80.18% |         165      0.82%     81.00% |         163      0.81%     81.81% |         162      0.81%     82.62% |         166      0.82%     83.44% |         167      0.83%     84.27% |         168      0.83%     85.11% |         167      0.83%     85.94% |         165      0.82%     86.76% |         178      0.88%     87.64% |         168      0.83%     88.48% |         164      0.81%     89.29% |         167      0.83%     90.12% |         171      0.85%     90.97% |         166      0.82%     91.80% |         167      0.83%     92.63% |         169      0.84%     93.47% |         168      0.83%     94.30% |         167      0.83%     95.13% |         160      0.80%     95.93% |         158      0.79%     96.71% |         160      0.80%     97.51% |         169      0.84%     98.35% |         165      0.82%     99.17% |         168      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        20123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1711     75.74%     75.74% |          38      1.68%     77.42% |          13      0.58%     78.00% |          14      0.62%     78.62% |          13      0.58%     79.19% |          15      0.66%     79.86% |          19      0.84%     80.70% |          20      0.89%     81.58% |          19      0.84%     82.43% |          16      0.71%     83.13% |          16      0.71%     83.84% |          19      0.84%     84.68% |          19      0.84%     85.52% |          19      0.84%     86.37% |          16      0.71%     87.07% |          16      0.71%     87.78% |          18      0.80%     88.58% |          15      0.66%     89.24% |          13      0.58%     89.82% |          19      0.84%     90.66% |          16      0.71%     91.37% |          19      0.84%     92.21% |          19      0.84%     93.05% |          19      0.84%     93.89% |          19      0.84%     94.73% |          16      0.71%     95.44% |          19      0.84%     96.28% |          16      0.71%     96.99% |          20      0.89%     97.88% |          19      0.84%     98.72% |          13      0.58%     99.29% |          16      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1109    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          31     40.79%     40.79% |           0      0.00%     40.79% |           1      1.32%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      1.32%     43.42% |           1      1.32%     44.74% |           0      0.00%     44.74% |           2      2.63%     47.37% |           1      1.32%     48.68% |           2      2.63%     51.32% |           1      1.32%     52.63% |           3      3.95%     56.58% |           1      1.32%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           3      3.95%     61.84% |           1      1.32%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      1.32%     64.47% |           1      1.32%     65.79% |           1      1.32%     67.11% |           2      2.63%     69.74% |           3      3.95%     73.68% |           2      2.63%     76.32% |           2      2.63%     78.95% |           2      2.63%     81.58% |           2      2.63%     84.21% |           2      2.63%     86.84% |           3      3.95%     90.79% |           4      5.26%     96.05% |           2      2.63%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           1      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         666      4.16%      4.16% |           0      0.00%      4.16% |         357      2.23%      6.39% |         660      4.12%     10.51% |         693      4.33%     14.84% |         733      4.58%     19.41% |         350      2.19%     21.60% |         500      3.12%     24.72% |         491      3.07%     27.79% |         366      2.29%     30.07% |         619      3.87%     33.94% |         300      1.87%     35.81% |         404      2.52%     38.33% |         561      3.50%     41.84% |         625      3.90%     45.74% |        1022      6.38%     52.12% |         252      1.57%     53.69% |         355      2.22%     55.91% |        1015      6.34%     62.25% |         469      2.93%     65.18% |         576      3.60%     68.77% |         498      3.11%     71.88% |         416      2.60%     74.48% |         480      3.00%     77.48% |         541      3.38%     80.86% |         456      2.85%     83.70% |         333      2.08%     85.78% |         598      3.73%     89.52% |         594      3.71%     93.23% |         437      2.73%     95.95% |         262      1.64%     97.59% |         386      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        16015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.73%      1.73% |           0      0.00%      1.73% |       22950      3.24%      4.97% |       22851      3.22%      8.19% |       21561      3.04%     11.23% |       21951      3.10%     14.33% |       31653      4.47%     18.79% |       26935      3.80%     22.59% |       21911      3.09%     25.68% |       21936      3.09%     28.78% |       21691      3.06%     31.84% |       21679      3.06%     34.90% |       21806      3.08%     37.97% |       21555      3.04%     41.01% |       21805      3.08%     44.09% |       21942      3.10%     47.19% |       31404      4.43%     51.62% |       28410      4.01%     55.62% |       21818      3.08%     58.70% |       21688      3.06%     61.76% |       21933      3.09%     64.86% |       21933      3.09%     67.95% |       21552      3.04%     70.99% |       21806      3.08%     74.07% |       21808      3.08%     77.14% |       21663      3.06%     80.20% |       21917      3.09%     83.29% |       21663      3.06%     86.35% |       21536      3.04%     89.39% |       21917      3.09%     92.48% |       27184      3.84%     96.31% |       26131      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       708834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3689972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3689972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.91%     13.91% |           0      0.00%     13.91% |           5      3.31%     17.22% |           6      3.97%     21.19% |           4      2.65%     23.84% |           6      3.97%     27.81% |           4      2.65%     30.46% |           7      4.64%     35.10% |           4      2.65%     37.75% |           4      2.65%     40.40% |           4      2.65%     43.05% |           4      2.65%     45.70% |           4      2.65%     48.34% |           4      2.65%     50.99% |           4      2.65%     53.64% |           4      2.65%     56.29% |           5      3.31%     59.60% |           4      2.65%     62.25% |           4      2.65%     64.90% |           4      2.65%     67.55% |           4      2.65%     70.20% |           4      2.65%     72.85% |           4      2.65%     75.50% |           4      2.65%     78.15% |           4      2.65%     80.79% |           4      2.65%     83.44% |           4      2.65%     86.09% |           4      2.65%     88.74% |           4      2.65%     91.39% |           4      2.65%     94.04% |           4      2.65%     96.69% |           5      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2000     70.32%     70.32% |          15      0.53%     70.85% |          23      0.81%     71.66% |          30      1.05%     72.71% |          29      1.02%     73.73% |          28      0.98%     74.72% |          28      0.98%     75.70% |          28      0.98%     76.69% |          28      0.98%     77.67% |          27      0.95%     78.62% |          27      0.95%     79.57% |          26      0.91%     80.49% |          26      0.91%     81.40% |          26      0.91%     82.31% |          27      0.95%     83.26% |          27      0.95%     84.21% |          26      0.91%     85.13% |          26      0.91%     86.04% |          27      0.95%     86.99% |          27      0.95%     87.94% |          28      0.98%     88.92% |          27      0.95%     89.87% |          27      0.95%     90.82% |          28      0.98%     91.81% |          26      0.91%     92.72% |          26      0.91%     93.64% |          34      1.20%     94.83% |          34      1.20%     96.03% |          32      1.13%     97.15% |          23      0.81%     97.96% |          26      0.91%     98.87% |          32      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122547     91.86%     91.86% |           0      0.00%     91.86% |        3927      2.94%     94.80% |         270      0.20%     95.01% |         250      0.19%     95.19% |         275      0.21%     95.40% |         265      0.20%     95.60% |         299      0.22%     95.82% |         248      0.19%     96.01% |         224      0.17%     96.18% |         212      0.16%     96.33% |         225      0.17%     96.50% |         227      0.17%     96.67% |         223      0.17%     96.84% |         228      0.17%     97.01% |         217      0.16%     97.17% |         259      0.19%     97.37% |         250      0.19%     97.56% |         216      0.16%     97.72% |         217      0.16%     97.88% |         232      0.17%     98.05% |         227      0.17%     98.22% |         225      0.17%     98.39% |         229      0.17%     98.56% |         230      0.17%     98.74% |         241      0.18%     98.92% |         235      0.18%     99.09% |         229      0.17%     99.27% |         233      0.17%     99.44% |         244      0.18%     99.62% |         249      0.19%     99.81% |         254      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       133407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1594098     97.69%     97.69% |           0      0.00%     97.69% |        2127      0.13%     97.82% |        1680      0.10%     97.92% |        1632      0.10%     98.02% |        1669      0.10%     98.12% |        1242      0.08%     98.20% |        1712      0.10%     98.30% |        1134      0.07%     98.37% |        1138      0.07%     98.44% |        1141      0.07%     98.51% |        1138      0.07%     98.58% |        1139      0.07%     98.65% |        1139      0.07%     98.72% |        1137      0.07%     98.79% |        1140      0.07%     98.86% |        1334      0.08%     98.94% |        1257      0.08%     99.02% |        1140      0.07%     99.09% |        1140      0.07%     99.16% |        1138      0.07%     99.23% |        1138      0.07%     99.30% |        1138      0.07%     99.37% |        1138      0.07%     99.44% |        1136      0.07%     99.51% |        1138      0.07%     99.58% |        1138      0.07%     99.65% |        1141      0.07%     99.72% |        1138      0.07%     99.79% |        1136      0.07%     99.86% |        1167      0.07%     99.93% |        1156      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1631839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25170     50.76%     50.76% |           0      0.00%     50.76% |         897      1.81%     52.57% |         955      1.93%     54.49% |         820      1.65%     56.14% |         889      1.79%     57.94% |        1012      2.04%     59.98% |        1010      2.04%     62.01% |         746      1.50%     63.52% |         761      1.53%     65.05% |         761      1.53%     66.59% |         768      1.55%     68.14% |         761      1.53%     69.67% |         753      1.52%     71.19% |         761      1.53%     72.72% |         761      1.53%     74.26% |         951      1.92%     76.18% |         961      1.94%     78.11% |         761      1.53%     79.65% |         768      1.55%     81.20% |         767      1.55%     82.74% |         761      1.53%     84.28% |         761      1.53%     85.81% |         767      1.55%     87.36% |         745      1.50%     88.86% |         761      1.53%     90.40% |         768      1.55%     91.95% |         761      1.53%     93.48% |         761      1.53%     95.02% |         768      1.55%     96.56% |         881      1.78%     98.34% |         823      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2148     18.28%     18.28% |          56      0.48%     18.76% |         327      2.78%     21.54% |         417      3.55%     25.09% |         435      3.70%     28.79% |         524      4.46%     33.25% |         185      1.57%     34.82% |         262      2.23%     37.05% |         327      2.78%     39.83% |         154      1.31%     41.15% |         422      3.59%     44.74% |         127      1.08%     45.82% |         199      1.69%     47.51% |         355      3.02%     50.53% |         386      3.28%     53.82% |         798      6.79%     60.61% |          83      0.71%     61.31% |         177      1.51%     62.82% |         811      6.90%     69.72% |         263      2.24%     71.96% |         388      3.30%     75.26% |         302      2.57%     77.83% |         221      1.88%     79.71% |         299      2.54%     82.26% |         321      2.73%     84.99% |         230      1.96%     86.95% |         141      1.20%     88.15% |         377      3.21%     91.35% |         401      3.41%     94.77% |         231      1.97%     96.73% |         107      0.91%     97.64% |         277      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        11751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127168     17.66%     17.66% |           0      0.00%     17.66% |       24891      3.46%     21.12% |       20843      2.89%     24.01% |       18256      2.54%     26.55% |       18683      2.59%     29.14% |       25755      3.58%     32.72% |       23441      3.26%     35.98% |       18341      2.55%     38.52% |       18504      2.57%     41.09% |       18234      2.53%     43.63% |       18524      2.57%     46.20% |       18458      2.56%     48.76% |       18308      2.54%     51.30% |       18271      2.54%     53.84% |       17858      2.48%     56.32% |       25536      3.55%     59.87% |       25257      3.51%     63.38% |       17854      2.48%     65.86% |       18384      2.55%     68.41% |       18257      2.54%     70.95% |       18355      2.55%     73.49% |       18435      2.56%     76.06% |       18348      2.55%     78.60% |       18349      2.55%     81.15% |       18432      2.56%     83.71% |       18510      2.57%     86.28% |       18282      2.54%     88.82% |       18270      2.54%     91.36% |       18430      2.56%     93.92% |       23075      3.20%     97.12% |       20712      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       720021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         189      4.84%      4.84% |         190      4.86%      9.70% |         189      4.84%     14.53% |         126      3.22%     17.76% |         189      4.84%     22.59% |         126      3.22%     25.82% |         126      3.22%     29.04% |         126      3.22%     32.27% |         126      3.22%     35.49% |         126      3.22%     38.72% |         126      3.22%     41.94% |         126      3.22%     45.16% |         126      3.22%     48.39% |         126      3.22%     51.61% |         126      3.22%     54.84% |         126      3.22%     58.06% |         126      3.22%     61.28% |         126      3.22%     64.51% |         126      3.22%     67.73% |         126      3.22%     70.96% |         126      3.22%     74.18% |         126      3.22%     77.41% |         126      3.22%     80.63% |         126      3.22%     83.85% |         126      3.22%     87.08% |         126      3.22%     90.30% |         127      3.25%     93.55% |         126      3.22%     96.78% |         126      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         3908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.17%      0.17% |           4      0.67%      0.83% |          12      2.00%      2.83% |          26      4.33%      7.15% |          19      3.16%     10.32% |          20      3.33%     13.64% |          25      4.16%     17.80% |          36      5.99%     23.79% |          18      3.00%     26.79% |          18      3.00%     29.78% |          17      2.83%     32.61% |          17      2.83%     35.44% |          17      2.83%     38.27% |          18      3.00%     41.26% |          18      3.00%     44.26% |          17      2.83%     47.09% |          24      3.99%     51.08% |          20      3.33%     54.41% |          18      3.00%     57.40% |          18      3.00%     60.40% |          20      3.33%     63.73% |          17      2.83%     66.56% |          18      3.00%     69.55% |          18      3.00%     72.55% |          22      3.66%     76.21% |          17      2.83%     79.03% |          18      3.00%     82.03% |          21      3.49%     85.52% |          17      2.83%     88.35% |          18      3.00%     91.35% |          18      3.00%     94.34% |          34      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2197829     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |         134      0.01%     99.92% |          64      0.00%     99.92% |          56      0.00%     99.93% |          57      0.00%     99.93% |          75      0.00%     99.93% |          69      0.00%     99.94% |          56      0.00%     99.94% |          56      0.00%     99.94% |          55      0.00%     99.94% |          56      0.00%     99.95% |          55      0.00%     99.95% |          56      0.00%     99.95% |          56      0.00%     99.95% |          56      0.00%     99.96% |          77      0.00%     99.96% |          78      0.00%     99.96% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.97% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          56      0.00%     99.98% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2199692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7360933     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |        1945      0.03%     99.59% |        1479      0.02%     99.61% |         985      0.01%     99.62% |        1472      0.02%     99.64% |        1485      0.02%     99.66% |        1484      0.02%     99.68% |         976      0.01%     99.70% |         977      0.01%     99.71% |         978      0.01%     99.72% |         976      0.01%     99.73% |         978      0.01%     99.75% |         978      0.01%     99.76% |         976      0.01%     99.77% |         978      0.01%     99.79% |        1000      0.01%     99.80% |         999      0.01%     99.81% |         978      0.01%     99.83% |         978      0.01%     99.84% |         978      0.01%     99.85% |         976      0.01%     99.87% |         977      0.01%     99.88% |         978      0.01%     99.89% |         976      0.01%     99.91% |         977      0.01%     99.92% |         977      0.01%     99.93% |         976      0.01%     99.95% |         975      0.01%     99.96% |         977      0.01%     99.97% |         992      0.01%     99.99% |         985      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7393299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         241     11.47%     11.47% |           0      0.00%     11.47% |          32      1.52%     12.99% |          45      2.14%     15.13% |          61      2.90%     18.03% |          30      1.43%     19.46% |          29      1.38%     20.84% |          39      1.86%     22.69% |          30      1.43%     24.12% |          86      4.09%     28.21% |          69      3.28%     31.49% |          44      2.09%     33.59% |          81      3.85%     37.44% |          81      3.85%     41.29% |         106      5.04%     46.34% |          96      4.57%     50.90% |          35      1.67%     52.57% |          42      2.00%     54.57% |          84      4.00%     58.56% |          74      3.52%     62.08% |          52      2.47%     64.56% |          65      3.09%     67.65% |          64      3.04%     70.69% |          48      2.28%     72.98% |          90      4.28%     77.26% |          97      4.61%     81.87% |          55      2.62%     84.49% |          80      3.81%     88.30% |          78      3.71%     92.01% |          92      4.38%     96.38% |          24      1.14%     97.53% |          52      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         2102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      310995     92.50%     92.50% |           0      0.00%     92.50% |        8943      2.66%     95.16% |         670      0.20%     95.36% |         557      0.17%     95.52% |         621      0.18%     95.71% |         784      0.23%     95.94% |         741      0.22%     96.16% |         557      0.17%     96.33% |         500      0.15%     96.48% |         516      0.15%     96.63% |         536      0.16%     96.79% |         504      0.15%     96.94% |         504      0.15%     97.09% |         474      0.14%     97.23% |         489      0.15%     97.38% |         736      0.22%     97.59% |         721      0.21%     97.81% |         500      0.15%     97.96% |         504      0.15%     98.11% |         525      0.16%     98.26% |         514      0.15%     98.42% |         515      0.15%     98.57% |         529      0.16%     98.73% |         490      0.15%     98.87% |         482      0.14%     99.02% |         524      0.16%     99.17% |         499      0.15%     99.32% |         509      0.15%     99.47% |         493      0.15%     99.62% |         691      0.21%     99.82% |         592      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       336215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.45%      1.45% |           3      4.35%      5.80% |           2      2.90%      8.70% |           2      2.90%     11.59% |           3      4.35%     15.94% |           5      7.25%     23.19% |           2      2.90%     26.09% |           2      2.90%     28.99% |           2      2.90%     31.88% |           2      2.90%     34.78% |           2      2.90%     37.68% |           2      2.90%     40.58% |           2      2.90%     43.48% |           2      2.90%     46.38% |           2      2.90%     49.28% |           2      2.90%     52.17% |           2      2.90%     55.07% |           2      2.90%     57.97% |           2      2.90%     60.87% |           2      2.90%     63.77% |           2      2.90%     66.67% |           2      2.90%     69.57% |           2      2.90%     72.46% |           2      2.90%     75.36% |           2      2.90%     78.26% |           2      2.90%     81.16% |           2      2.90%     84.06% |           2      2.90%     86.96% |           2      2.90%     89.86% |           7     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.33%      0.33% |           0      0.00%      0.33% |           2      0.05%      0.38% |         165      4.15%      4.53% |         164      4.13%      8.65% |         165      4.15%     12.81% |         133      3.35%     16.15% |         164      4.13%     20.28% |         132      3.32%     23.60% |         132      3.32%     26.92% |         132      3.32%     30.24% |         132      3.32%     33.56% |         132      3.32%     36.88% |         132      3.32%     40.20% |         132      3.32%     43.52% |         132      3.32%     46.84% |         132      3.32%     50.16% |         132      3.32%     53.48% |         132      3.32%     56.81% |         132      3.32%     60.13% |         132      3.32%     63.45% |         132      3.32%     66.77% |         132      3.32%     70.09% |         132      3.32%     73.41% |         132      3.32%     76.73% |         132      3.32%     80.05% |         132      3.32%     83.37% |         132      3.32%     86.69% |         132      3.32%     90.01% |         132      3.32%     93.33% |         132      3.32%     96.65% |         133      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154572     19.40%     19.40% |          63      0.01%     19.41% |       26491      3.33%     22.74% |       22737      2.85%     25.59% |       20090      2.52%     28.11% |       20598      2.59%     30.70% |       27419      3.44%     34.14% |       25253      3.17%     37.31% |       19936      2.50%     39.81% |       19932      2.50%     42.31% |       19930      2.50%     44.81% |       19932      2.50%     47.32% |       19931      2.50%     49.82% |       19930      2.50%     52.32% |       19932      2.50%     54.82% |       19930      2.50%     57.32% |       27090      3.40%     60.72% |       26903      3.38%     64.10% |       19929      2.50%     66.60% |       19929      2.50%     69.10% |       19928      2.50%     71.60% |       19931      2.50%     74.11% |       19931      2.50%     76.61% |       19928      2.50%     79.11% |       19933      2.50%     81.61% |       19931      2.50%     84.11% |       19930      2.50%     86.61% |       19936      2.50%     89.12% |       19932      2.50%     91.62% |       19934      2.50%     94.12% |       24576      3.08%     97.21% |       22259      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       796676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      0.04%      0.04% |          13      0.28%      0.33% |        3861     84.38%     84.70% |          30      0.66%     85.36% |          21      0.46%     85.82% |          47      1.03%     86.84% |          25      0.55%     87.39% |          35      0.76%     88.16% |          22      0.48%     88.64% |          21      0.46%     89.10% |          21      0.46%     89.55% |          21      0.46%     90.01% |          23      0.50%     90.52% |          22      0.48%     91.00% |          22      0.48%     91.48% |          21      0.46%     91.94% |          29      0.63%     92.57% |          25      0.55%     93.12% |          22      0.48%     93.60% |          22      0.48%     94.08% |          28      0.61%     94.69% |          22      0.48%     95.17% |          22      0.48%     95.65% |          25      0.55%     96.20% |          26      0.57%     96.77% |          22      0.48%     97.25% |          22      0.48%     97.73% |          21      0.46%     98.19% |          21      0.46%     98.65% |          24      0.52%     99.17% |          22      0.48%     99.65% |          16      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         4576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124608     97.78%     97.78% |           0      0.00%     97.78% |          88      0.07%     97.85% |          89      0.07%     97.92% |          83      0.07%     97.98% |          81      0.06%     98.05% |         117      0.09%     98.14% |         103      0.08%     98.22% |         112      0.09%     98.31% |          88      0.07%     98.38% |          77      0.06%     98.44% |          89      0.07%     98.51% |          89      0.07%     98.58% |          85      0.07%     98.64% |          91      0.07%     98.71% |          82      0.06%     98.78% |         109      0.09%     98.86% |         106      0.08%     98.95% |          78      0.06%     99.01% |          80      0.06%     99.07% |          88      0.07%     99.14% |          91      0.07%     99.21% |          88      0.07%     99.28% |          90      0.07%     99.35% |          84      0.07%     99.42% |         105      0.08%     99.50% |         107      0.08%     99.58% |          98      0.08%     99.66% |         104      0.08%     99.74% |         103      0.08%     99.82% |         112      0.09%     99.91% |         114      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     96.92%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286068     96.39%     96.39% |           0      0.00%     96.39% |        8141      2.74%     99.14% |         113      0.04%     99.18% |          88      0.03%     99.21% |         114      0.04%     99.24% |         124      0.04%     99.29% |         123      0.04%     99.33% |          99      0.03%     99.36% |          83      0.03%     99.39% |          82      0.03%     99.42% |          77      0.03%     99.44% |          82      0.03%     99.47% |          90      0.03%     99.50% |          84      0.03%     99.53% |          82      0.03%     99.56% |          85      0.03%     99.58% |          77      0.03%     99.61% |          82      0.03%     99.64% |          75      0.03%     99.66% |          76      0.03%     99.69% |          84      0.03%     99.72% |          83      0.03%     99.75% |          76      0.03%     99.77% |         100      0.03%     99.80% |          83      0.03%     99.83% |          76      0.03%     99.86% |          84      0.03%     99.89% |          85      0.03%     99.92% |          76      0.03%     99.94% |          92      0.03%     99.97% |          83      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          92     42.40%     42.40% |           6      2.76%     45.16% |           4      1.84%     47.00% |           6      2.76%     49.77% |           4      1.84%     51.61% |           7      3.23%     54.84% |           4      1.84%     56.68% |           4      1.84%     58.53% |           4      1.84%     60.37% |           4      1.84%     62.21% |           4      1.84%     64.06% |           4      1.84%     65.90% |           4      1.84%     67.74% |           4      1.84%     69.59% |           5      2.30%     71.89% |           4      1.84%     73.73% |           4      1.84%     75.58% |           4      1.84%     77.42% |           4      1.84%     79.26% |           4      1.84%     81.11% |           4      1.84%     82.95% |           4      1.84%     84.79% |           4      1.84%     86.64% |           4      1.84%     88.48% |           4      1.84%     90.32% |           4      1.84%     92.17% |           4      1.84%     94.01% |           4      1.84%     95.85% |           4      1.84%     97.70% |           5      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.72%      9.72% |           0      0.00%      9.72% |          68     31.48%     41.20% |           6      2.78%     43.98% |           4      1.85%     45.83% |           6      2.78%     48.61% |           4      1.85%     50.46% |           8      3.70%     54.17% |           4      1.85%     56.02% |           4      1.85%     57.87% |           4      1.85%     59.72% |           4      1.85%     61.57% |           4      1.85%     63.43% |           4      1.85%     65.28% |           4      1.85%     67.13% |           4      1.85%     68.98% |           5      2.31%     71.30% |           4      1.85%     73.15% |           4      1.85%     75.00% |           4      1.85%     76.85% |           4      1.85%     78.70% |           4      1.85%     80.56% |           4      1.85%     82.41% |           4      1.85%     84.26% |           4      1.85%     86.11% |           4      1.85%     87.96% |           4      1.85%     89.81% |           4      1.85%     91.67% |           4      1.85%     93.52% |           4      1.85%     95.37% |           4      1.85%     97.22% |           6      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         945    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      0.45%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |          24     10.81%     11.26% |           0      0.00%     11.26% |           0      0.00%     11.26% |           8      3.60%     14.86% |           4      1.80%     16.67% |           5      2.25%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           1      0.45%     19.37% |          18      8.11%     27.48% |           4      1.80%     29.28% |          15      6.76%     36.04% |           2      0.90%     36.94% |           1      0.45%     37.39% |           5      2.25%     39.64% |           5      2.25%     41.89% |           7      3.15%     45.05% |          14      6.31%     51.35% |          43     19.37%     70.72% |           7      3.15%     73.87% |          24     10.81%     84.68% |           5      2.25%     86.94% |          10      4.50%     91.44% |           4      1.80%     93.24% |           0      0.00%     93.24% |           1      0.45%     93.69% |           1      0.45%     94.14% |          13      5.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438162     41.49%     41.49% |           0      0.00%     41.49% |       33834      3.20%     44.70% |       21513      2.04%     46.73% |       18813      1.78%     48.51% |       19280      1.83%     50.34% |       26539      2.51%     52.85% |       24182      2.29%     55.14% |       18890      1.79%     56.93% |       19000      1.80%     58.73% |       18745      1.78%     60.51% |       19060      1.80%     62.31% |       18961      1.80%     64.11% |       18794      1.78%     65.89% |       18741      1.77%     67.66% |       18332      1.74%     69.40% |       26270      2.49%     71.89% |       25977      2.46%     74.34% |       18349      1.74%     76.08% |       18883      1.79%     77.87% |       18775      1.78%     79.65% |       18855      1.79%     81.43% |       18907      1.79%     83.22% |       18870      1.79%     85.01% |       18815      1.78%     86.79% |       18909      1.79%     88.58% |       19024      1.80%     90.39% |       18777      1.78%     92.16% |       18779      1.78%     93.94% |       18922      1.79%     95.73% |       23765      2.25%     97.98% |       21291      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1056014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.45%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |           0      0.00%      0.45% |          24     10.81%     11.26% |           0      0.00%     11.26% |           0      0.00%     11.26% |           8      3.60%     14.86% |           4      1.80%     16.67% |           5      2.25%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           1      0.45%     19.37% |          18      8.11%     27.48% |           4      1.80%     29.28% |          15      6.76%     36.04% |           2      0.90%     36.94% |           1      0.45%     37.39% |           5      2.25%     39.64% |           5      2.25%     41.89% |           7      3.15%     45.05% |          14      6.31%     51.35% |          43     19.37%     70.72% |           7      3.15%     73.87% |          24     10.81%     84.68% |           5      2.25%     86.94% |          10      4.50%     91.44% |           4      1.80%     93.24% |           0      0.00%     93.24% |           1      0.45%     93.69% |           1      0.45%     94.14% |          13      5.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3854      3.11%      3.11% |        3784      3.05%      6.16% |        3478      2.80%      8.96% |        3497      2.82%     11.78% |        3590      2.89%     14.67% |        3968      3.20%     17.87% |        3754      3.03%     20.90% |        3265      2.63%     23.53% |        3524      2.84%     26.37% |        5144      4.15%     30.52% |        3903      3.15%     33.66% |        3818      3.08%     36.74% |        3481      2.81%     39.55% |        4339      3.50%     43.05% |        3898      3.14%     46.19% |        3740      3.01%     49.20% |        4159      3.35%     52.55% |        4178      3.37%     55.92% |        3551      2.86%     58.79% |        3262      2.63%     61.41% |        3089      2.49%     63.90% |        3713      2.99%     66.90% |        3533      2.85%     69.75% |        3403      2.74%     72.49% |        3642      2.94%     75.43% |        3743      3.02%     78.44% |        3283      2.65%     81.09% |        4736      3.82%     84.91% |        3955      3.19%     88.09% |        5241      4.22%     92.32% |        5071      4.09%     96.41% |        4457      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       65096      8.09%      8.09% |       24923      3.10%     11.18% |       23776      2.95%     14.14% |       24550      3.05%     17.19% |       23813      2.96%     20.15% |       23516      2.92%     23.07% |       23087      2.87%     25.94% |       23166      2.88%     28.82% |       24558      3.05%     31.87% |       23663      2.94%     34.81% |       25076      3.12%     37.92% |       24540      3.05%     40.97% |       23547      2.93%     43.90% |       23277      2.89%     46.79% |       22835      2.84%     49.63% |       23207      2.88%     52.51% |       25148      3.12%     55.64% |       23862      2.96%     58.60% |       24058      2.99%     61.59% |       24061      2.99%     64.58% |       23666      2.94%     67.52% |       23619      2.93%     70.45% |       23525      2.92%     73.38% |       23289      2.89%     76.27% |       24403      3.03%     79.30% |       23611      2.93%     82.24% |       23352      2.90%     85.14% |       22926      2.85%     87.99% |       23515      2.92%     90.91% |       23069      2.87%     93.77% |       23842      2.96%     96.74% |       26261      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14705      4.95%      4.95% |        8850      2.98%      7.93% |        9250      3.12%     11.05% |        8693      2.93%     13.98% |        9402      3.17%     17.15% |        8854      2.98%     20.13% |        8967      3.02%     23.15% |        8626      2.91%     26.06% |        9459      3.19%     29.24% |        8758      2.95%     32.19% |        9303      3.13%     35.33% |        8685      2.93%     38.25% |        9218      3.11%     41.36% |        8532      2.87%     44.23% |        9043      3.05%     47.28% |        8578      2.89%     50.17% |        9212      3.10%     53.27% |        8627      2.91%     56.18% |        9340      3.15%     59.32% |        8875      2.99%     62.31% |        9430      3.18%     65.49% |        8936      3.01%     68.50% |        9564      3.22%     71.72% |        8812      2.97%     74.69% |        9322      3.14%     77.83% |        8793      2.96%     80.79% |        9557      3.22%     84.01% |        8991      3.03%     87.04% |        9718      3.27%     90.31% |        8902      3.00%     93.31% |       10500      3.54%     96.85% |        9348      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296850                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         132     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |           1      0.66%     88.08% |           1      0.66%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           2      1.32%     90.07% |           1      0.66%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           7      4.64%     95.36% |           1      0.66%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           1      0.66%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |           2      1.32%     98.01% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75883      7.19%      7.19% |       32281      3.06%     10.24% |       31577      2.99%     13.23% |       31750      3.01%     16.24% |       31991      3.03%     19.27% |       30902      2.93%     22.20% |       30862      2.92%     25.12% |       30557      2.89%     28.01% |       32516      3.08%     31.09% |       31210      2.96%     34.05% |       33132      3.14%     37.18% |       31968      3.03%     40.21% |       31558      2.99%     43.20% |       30599      2.90%     46.10% |       30628      2.90%     49.00% |       30513      2.89%     51.89% |       32809      3.11%     54.99% |       30893      2.93%     57.92% |       31776      3.01%     60.93% |       31326      2.97%     63.89% |       31792      3.01%     66.90% |       31243      2.96%     69.86% |       31782      3.01%     72.87% |       30755      2.91%     75.79% |       32204      3.05%     78.83% |       31147      2.95%     81.78% |       31668      3.00%     84.78% |       30619      2.90%     87.68% |       31983      3.03%     90.71% |       30718      2.91%     93.62% |       33090      3.13%     96.75% |       34282      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1056014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          16      3.64%      3.64% |          12      2.73%      6.36% |           8      1.82%      8.18% |          14      3.18%     11.36% |           8      1.82%     13.18% |          11      2.50%     15.68% |          14      3.18%     18.86% |          14      3.18%     22.05% |          12      2.73%     24.77% |          19      4.32%     29.09% |           4      0.91%     30.00% |          10      2.27%     32.27% |           4      0.91%     33.18% |          16      3.64%     36.82% |           9      2.05%     38.86% |          16      3.64%     42.50% |          20      4.55%     47.05% |          16      3.64%     50.68% |           6      1.36%     52.05% |          10      2.27%     54.32% |          18      4.09%     58.41% |          13      2.95%     61.36% |          10      2.27%     63.64% |          18      4.09%     67.73% |          14      3.18%     70.91% |          14      3.18%     74.09% |          12      2.73%     76.82% |          26      5.91%     82.73% |          20      4.55%     87.27% |          20      4.55%     91.82% |          12      2.73%     94.55% |          24      5.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          440                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9387      4.33%      4.33% |        6739      3.11%      7.44% |        6755      3.12%     10.56% |        6747      3.11%     13.67% |        6725      3.10%     16.78% |        6736      3.11%     19.88% |        6745      3.11%     23.00% |        6734      3.11%     26.10% |        6608      3.05%     29.15% |        6729      3.11%     32.26% |        6731      3.11%     35.36% |        6729      3.11%     38.47% |        6716      3.10%     41.57% |        6718      3.10%     44.67% |        6712      3.10%     47.77% |        6715      3.10%     50.87% |        6543      3.02%     53.88% |        6672      3.08%     56.96% |        6691      3.09%     60.05% |        6680      3.08%     63.13% |        6677      3.08%     66.22% |        6698      3.09%     69.31% |        6683      3.08%     72.39% |        6680      3.08%     75.47% |        6558      3.03%     78.50% |        6666      3.08%     81.58% |        6666      3.08%     84.65% |        6656      3.07%     87.72% |        6666      3.08%     90.80% |        6649      3.07%     93.87% |        6648      3.07%     96.93% |        6642      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       216701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       20532      3.32%      3.32% |       19274      3.11%      6.43% |       19306      3.12%      9.55% |       19282      3.11%     12.66% |       19277      3.11%     15.78% |       19228      3.11%     18.88% |       19224      3.11%     21.99% |       19267      3.11%     25.10% |       19405      3.13%     28.24% |       19286      3.12%     31.35% |       19322      3.12%     34.47% |       19295      3.12%     37.59% |       19300      3.12%     40.71% |       19281      3.11%     43.82% |       19277      3.11%     46.94% |       19279      3.11%     50.05% |       19474      3.15%     53.20% |       19340      3.12%     56.32% |       19296      3.12%     59.44% |       19297      3.12%     62.55% |       19283      3.11%     65.67% |       19268      3.11%     68.78% |       19270      3.11%     71.89% |       19288      3.12%     75.01% |       19466      3.14%     78.15% |       19340      3.12%     81.28% |       19325      3.12%     84.40% |       19313      3.12%     87.52% |       19300      3.12%     90.64% |       19315      3.12%     93.76% |       19297      3.12%     96.88% |       19343      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       619050                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       31035      3.57%      3.57% |       27063      3.11%      6.68% |       27108      3.12%      9.80% |       27077      3.11%     12.92% |       27049      3.11%     16.03% |       27011      3.11%     19.13% |       27017      3.11%     22.24% |       27049      3.11%     25.35% |       27061      3.11%     28.47% |       27063      3.11%     31.58% |       27100      3.12%     34.70% |       27072      3.11%     37.81% |       27063      3.11%     40.92% |       27046      3.11%     44.03% |       27036      3.11%     47.14% |       27041      3.11%     50.26% |       27064      3.11%     53.37% |       27060      3.11%     56.48% |       27035      3.11%     59.59% |       27025      3.11%     62.70% |       27008      3.11%     65.81% |       27015      3.11%     68.91% |       27001      3.11%     72.02% |       27015      3.11%     75.13% |       27071      3.11%     78.24% |       27055      3.11%     81.35% |       27040      3.11%     84.46% |       27015      3.11%     87.57% |       27013      3.11%     90.68% |       27012      3.11%     93.79% |       26993      3.10%     96.89% |       27033      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       869346                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       30011      3.59%      3.59% |       26039      3.11%      6.70% |       26084      3.12%      9.82% |       26053      3.11%     12.93% |       26025      3.11%     16.04% |       25987      3.11%     19.15% |       25993      3.11%     22.26% |       26025      3.11%     25.37% |       26037      3.11%     28.48% |       26039      3.11%     31.59% |       26076      3.12%     34.71% |       26048      3.11%     37.82% |       26039      3.11%     40.94% |       26022      3.11%     44.05% |       26012      3.11%     47.16% |       26017      3.11%     50.27% |       26040      3.11%     53.38% |       26036      3.11%     56.49% |       26011      3.11%     59.60% |       26001      3.11%     62.71% |       25984      3.11%     65.81% |       25991      3.11%     68.92% |       25977      3.11%     72.03% |       25991      3.11%     75.13% |       26047      3.11%     78.25% |       26031      3.11%     81.36% |       26016      3.11%     84.47% |       25991      3.11%     87.57% |       25989      3.11%     90.68% |       25988      3.11%     93.79% |       25969      3.10%     96.89% |       26009      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         407      6.68%      6.68% |         128      2.10%      8.78% |         132      2.17%     10.95% |         129      2.12%     13.06% |         146      2.40%     15.46% |         145      2.38%     17.84% |         126      2.07%     19.91% |         131      2.15%     22.06% |         286      4.69%     26.75% |         149      2.45%     29.20% |         151      2.48%     31.68% |         150      2.46%     34.14% |         152      2.49%     36.63% |         146      2.40%     39.03% |         150      2.46%     41.49% |         147      2.41%     43.90% |         351      5.76%     49.66% |         191      3.13%     52.80% |         192      3.15%     55.95% |         189      3.10%     59.05% |         187      3.07%     62.12% |         190      3.12%     65.24% |         190      3.12%     68.36% |         189      3.10%     71.46% |         328      5.38%     76.84% |         202      3.32%     80.16% |         200      3.28%     83.44% |         204      3.35%     86.79% |         202      3.32%     90.10% |         201      3.30%     93.40% |         204      3.35%     96.75% |         198      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         589     72.99%     72.99% |          10      1.24%     74.23% |           7      0.87%     75.09% |           9      1.12%     76.21% |           4      0.50%     76.70% |           6      0.74%     77.45% |           7      0.87%     78.31% |           7      0.87%     79.18% |           6      0.74%     79.93% |           9      1.12%     81.04% |           2      0.25%     81.29% |           5      0.62%     81.91% |           2      0.25%     82.16% |           8      0.99%     83.15% |           5      0.62%     83.77% |           7      0.87%     84.63% |           8      0.99%     85.63% |          11      1.36%     86.99% |           4      0.50%     87.48% |           5      0.62%     88.10% |           7      0.87%     88.97% |           6      0.74%     89.71% |           4      0.50%     90.21% |           8      0.99%     91.20% |           7      0.87%     92.07% |           7      0.87%     92.94% |           6      0.74%     93.68% |          13      1.61%     95.29% |          10      1.24%     96.53% |          10      1.24%     97.77% |           6      0.74%     98.51% |          12      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         703     13.76%     13.76% |         211      4.13%     17.89% |         207      4.05%     21.95% |         207      4.05%     26.00% |         120      2.35%     28.35% |         120      2.35%     30.70% |         120      2.35%     33.05% |         120      2.35%     35.40% |         120      2.35%     37.74% |         120      2.35%     40.09% |         120      2.35%     42.44% |         120      2.35%     44.79% |         123      2.41%     47.20% |         120      2.35%     49.55% |         121      2.37%     51.92% |         120      2.35%     54.27% |         120      2.35%     56.62% |         256      5.01%     61.63% |         257      5.03%     66.66% |         257      5.03%     71.69% |         120      2.35%     74.04% |         120      2.35%     76.39% |         122      2.39%     78.78% |         120      2.35%     81.13% |         121      2.37%     83.50% |         121      2.37%     85.87% |         120      2.35%     88.21% |         120      2.35%     90.56% |         122      2.39%     92.95% |         120      2.35%     95.30% |         120      2.35%     97.65% |         120      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         5108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1439      4.91%      4.91% |         846      2.88%      7.79% |         846      2.88%     10.68% |         878      2.99%     13.67% |         857      2.92%     16.59% |         844      2.88%     19.47% |         841      2.87%     22.34% |         894      3.05%     25.39% |         999      3.41%     28.79% |         849      2.89%     31.69% |         893      3.04%     34.73% |         915      3.12%     37.85% |         894      3.05%     40.90% |         884      3.01%     43.91% |         879      3.00%     46.91% |         920      3.14%     50.05% |        1015      3.46%     53.51% |         931      3.17%     56.68% |         888      3.03%     59.71% |         917      3.13%     62.84% |         905      3.09%     65.92% |         915      3.12%     69.04% |         899      3.07%     72.11% |         944      3.22%     75.33% |        1034      3.53%     78.85% |         889      3.03%     81.88% |         879      3.00%     84.88% |         898      3.06%     87.94% |         855      2.92%     90.86% |         884      3.01%     93.87% |         873      2.98%     96.85% |         924      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        29328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         824     18.01%     18.01% |         126      2.75%     20.76% |         123      2.69%     23.45% |         122      2.67%     26.11% |         120      2.62%     28.74% |         120      2.62%     31.36% |         120      2.62%     33.98% |         120      2.62%     36.60% |         120      2.62%     39.23% |         120      2.62%     41.85% |         120      2.62%     44.47% |         120      2.62%     47.09% |         124      2.71%     49.80% |         120      2.62%     52.43% |         121      2.64%     55.07% |         120      2.62%     57.69% |         121      2.64%     60.34% |         124      2.71%     63.05% |         123      2.69%     65.73% |         122      2.67%     68.40% |         120      2.62%     71.02% |         120      2.62%     73.65% |         122      2.67%     76.31% |         120      2.62%     78.93% |         121      2.64%     81.58% |         121      2.64%     84.22% |         120      2.62%     86.84% |         120      2.62%     89.47% |         122      2.67%     92.13% |         120      2.62%     94.76% |         120      2.62%     97.38% |         120      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         4576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77781      7.11%      7.11% |       33353      3.05%     10.16% |       32632      2.98%     13.15% |       32843      3.00%     16.15% |       33063      3.02%     19.17% |       31985      2.92%     22.10% |       31920      2.92%     25.01% |       31667      2.90%     27.91% |       33892      3.10%     31.01% |       32300      2.95%     33.96% |       34240      3.13%     37.09% |       33101      3.03%     40.12% |       32640      2.98%     43.10% |       31688      2.90%     46.00% |       31720      2.90%     48.90% |       31650      2.89%     51.80% |       34230      3.13%     54.93% |       32063      2.93%     57.86% |       32920      3.01%     60.87% |       32521      2.97%     63.84% |       32975      3.02%     66.86% |       32420      2.96%     69.82% |       32957      3.01%     72.83% |       31979      2.92%     75.76% |       33599      3.07%     78.83% |       32282      2.95%     81.78% |       32788      3.00%     84.78% |       31789      2.91%     87.69% |       33110      3.03%     90.71% |       31850      2.91%     93.63% |       34220      3.13%     96.76% |       35481      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093659                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         427      3.22%      3.22% |         383      2.89%      6.11% |         402      3.03%      9.14% |         399      3.01%     12.15% |         419      3.16%     15.30% |         391      2.95%     18.25% |         398      3.00%     21.25% |         413      3.11%     24.37% |         398      3.00%     27.37% |         401      3.02%     30.39% |         422      3.18%     33.57% |         422      3.18%     36.75% |         449      3.39%     40.14% |         435      3.28%     43.42% |         425      3.20%     46.62% |         426      3.21%     49.83% |         432      3.26%     53.09% |         439      3.31%     56.40% |         413      3.11%     59.51% |         391      2.95%     62.46% |         398      3.00%     65.46% |         413      3.11%     68.58% |         395      2.98%     71.55% |         399      3.01%     74.56% |         433      3.26%     77.83% |         431      3.25%     81.08% |         435      3.28%     84.36% |         414      3.12%     87.48% |         405      3.05%     90.53% |         431      3.25%     93.78% |         421      3.17%     96.95% |         404      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24595      3.69%      3.69% |       20749      3.12%      6.81% |       20769      3.12%      9.93% |       20731      3.11%     13.04% |       20684      3.11%     16.15% |       20673      3.10%     19.25% |       20679      3.11%     22.36% |       20709      3.11%     25.47% |       20697      3.11%     28.58% |       20718      3.11%     31.69% |       20749      3.12%     34.80% |       20701      3.11%     37.91% |       20677      3.11%     41.02% |       20677      3.11%     44.12% |       20679      3.11%     47.23% |       20683      3.11%     50.33% |       20679      3.11%     53.44% |       20677      3.11%     56.55% |       20677      3.11%     59.65% |       20697      3.11%     62.76% |       20667      3.10%     65.86% |       20650      3.10%     68.96% |       20674      3.10%     72.07% |       20676      3.11%     75.17% |       20680      3.11%     78.28% |       20681      3.11%     81.39% |       20654      3.10%     84.49% |       20663      3.10%     87.59% |       20669      3.10%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20626      3.10%     96.89% |       20702      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6013      3.16%      3.16% |        5931      3.12%      6.28% |        5937      3.12%      9.40% |        5947      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.65% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5966      3.14%     28.16% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.40% |        5949      3.13%     37.53% |        5937      3.12%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.01% |        5953      3.13%     53.14% |        5944      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.39% |        5937      3.12%     62.51% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5958      3.13%     78.14% |        5943      3.12%     81.26% |        5951      3.13%     84.39% |        5939      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5942      3.12%     93.76% |        5946      3.13%     96.88% |        5927      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           8      3.67%      3.67% |           6      2.75%      6.42% |           4      1.83%      8.26% |           7      3.21%     11.47% |           4      1.83%     13.30% |           5      2.29%     15.60% |           7      3.21%     18.81% |           7      3.21%     22.02% |           6      2.75%     24.77% |           9      4.13%     28.90% |           2      0.92%     29.82% |           5      2.29%     32.11% |           2      0.92%     33.03% |           8      3.67%     36.70% |           4      1.83%     38.53% |           8      3.67%     42.20% |          10      4.59%     46.79% |           8      3.67%     50.46% |           3      1.38%     51.83% |           5      2.29%     54.13% |           9      4.13%     58.26% |           6      2.75%     61.01% |           5      2.29%     63.30% |           9      4.13%     67.43% |           7      3.21%     70.64% |           7      3.21%     73.85% |           6      2.75%     76.61% |          13      5.96%     82.57% |          10      4.59%     87.16% |          10      4.59%     91.74% |           6      2.75%     94.50% |          12      5.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.70% |        2866      2.59%     61.29% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1314     39.21%     39.21% |         286      8.53%     47.75% |         245      7.31%     55.06% |         253      7.55%     62.61% |          14      0.42%     63.03% |         248      7.40%     70.43% |          14      0.42%     70.84% |           5      0.15%     70.99% |           3      0.09%     71.08% |           1      0.03%     71.11% |          16      0.48%     71.59% |           4      0.12%     71.71% |           1      0.03%     71.74% |           1      0.03%     71.77% |          39      1.16%     72.93% |          16      0.48%     73.41% |           9      0.27%     73.68% |         256      7.64%     81.32% |         308      9.19%     90.51% |         258      7.70%     98.21% |           1      0.03%     98.24% |          15      0.45%     98.69% |          10      0.30%     98.99% |           2      0.06%     99.05% |           5      0.15%     99.19% |           1      0.03%     99.22% |           2      0.06%     99.28% |           8      0.24%     99.52% |           3      0.09%     99.61% |           2      0.06%     99.67% |           3      0.09%     99.76% |           8      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         3351                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          68     69.39%     69.39% |           6      6.12%     75.51% |           2      2.04%     77.55% |           5      5.10%     82.65% |           0      0.00%     82.65% |           1      1.02%     83.67% |           1      1.02%     84.69% |           0      0.00%     84.69% |           0      0.00%     84.69% |           1      1.02%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           5      5.10%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           0      0.00%     90.82% |           3      3.06%     93.88% |           1      1.02%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           0      0.00%     94.90% |           1      1.02%     95.92% |           0      0.00%     95.92% |           1      1.02%     96.94% |           1      1.02%     97.96% |           2      2.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         132     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |           1      0.66%     88.08% |           1      0.66%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           0      0.00%     88.74% |           2      1.32%     90.07% |           1      0.66%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           0      0.00%     90.73% |           7      4.64%     95.36% |           1      0.66%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           0      0.00%     96.03% |           1      0.66%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |           2      1.32%     98.01% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          151                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |         119      3.07%      3.07% |         124      3.20%      6.27% |         121      3.12%      9.40% |         122      3.15%     12.55% |         120      3.10%     15.64% |         123      3.18%     18.82% |         120      3.10%     21.92% |         120      3.10%     25.01% |         120      3.10%     28.11% |         121      3.12%     31.23% |         120      3.10%     34.33% |         120      3.10%     37.43% |         125      3.23%     40.66% |         120      3.10%     43.75% |         122      3.15%     46.90% |         121      3.12%     50.03% |         120      3.10%     53.12% |         121      3.12%     56.25% |         122      3.15%     59.40% |         122      3.15%     62.55% |         120      3.10%     65.64% |         121      3.12%     68.77% |         122      3.15%     71.92% |         120      3.10%     75.01% |         121      3.12%     78.14% |         121      3.12%     81.26% |         120      3.10%     84.36% |         121      3.12%     87.48% |         124      3.20%     90.68% |         120      3.10%     93.78% |         120      3.10%     96.88% |         121      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         3874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         869      6.34%      6.34% |         385      2.81%      9.15% |         404      2.95%     12.10% |         399      2.91%     15.01% |         419      3.06%     18.07% |         393      2.87%     20.94% |         399      2.91%     23.85% |         412      3.01%     26.86% |         396      2.89%     29.75% |         399      2.91%     32.66% |         423      3.09%     35.74% |         424      3.09%     38.84% |         445      3.25%     42.09% |         434      3.17%     45.25% |         424      3.09%     48.35% |         425      3.10%     51.45% |         432      3.15%     54.60% |         440      3.21%     57.81% |         417      3.04%     60.86% |         395      2.88%     63.74% |         395      2.88%     66.62% |         412      3.01%     69.63% |         395      2.88%     72.51% |         399      2.91%     75.42% |         434      3.17%     78.59% |         431      3.15%     81.73% |         435      3.17%     84.91% |         413      3.01%     87.92% |         403      2.94%     90.86% |         430      3.14%     94.00% |         418      3.05%     97.05% |         404      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38351     29.32%     29.32% |        3754      2.87%     32.19% |        2613      2.00%     34.19% |        3420      2.61%     36.80% |        2990      2.29%     39.09% |        2463      1.88%     40.97% |        2274      1.74%     42.71% |        2332      1.78%     44.49% |        3736      2.86%     47.35% |        2824      2.16%     49.51% |        4188      3.20%     52.71% |        3715      2.84%     55.55% |        2745      2.10%     57.65% |        2479      1.90%     59.54% |        1996      1.53%     61.07% |        2388      1.83%     62.89% |        4339      3.32%     66.21% |        2760      2.11%     68.32% |        2899      2.22%     70.54% |        2951      2.26%     72.79% |        2878      2.20%     74.99% |        2834      2.17%     77.16% |        2719      2.08%     79.24% |        2491      1.90%     81.14% |        3597      2.75%     83.89% |        2808      2.15%     86.04% |        2576      1.97%     88.01% |        2135      1.63%     89.64% |        2721      2.08%     91.72% |        2308      1.76%     93.48% |        3093      2.36%     95.85% |        5430      4.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       130807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8491      8.28%      8.28% |        2789      2.72%     11.00% |        3187      3.11%     14.11% |        2617      2.55%     16.66% |        3319      3.24%     19.89% |        2777      2.71%     22.60% |        2902      2.83%     25.43% |        2575      2.51%     27.94% |        3369      3.29%     31.23% |        2689      2.62%     33.85% |        3250      3.17%     37.02% |        2612      2.55%     39.57% |        3152      3.07%     42.64% |        2474      2.41%     45.05% |        2987      2.91%     47.96% |        2522      2.46%     50.42% |        3135      3.06%     53.48% |        2559      2.50%     55.98% |        3268      3.19%     59.16% |        2813      2.74%     61.91% |        3363      3.28%     65.18% |        2860      2.79%     67.97% |        3508      3.42%     71.39% |        2748      2.68%     74.07% |        3239      3.16%     77.23% |        2726      2.66%     79.89% |        3481      3.39%     83.28% |        2927      2.85%     86.14% |        3653      3.56%     89.70% |        2836      2.77%     92.47% |        4430      4.32%     96.79% |        3297      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       102555                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9265      4.36%      4.36% |        6610      3.11%      7.46% |        6629      3.12%     10.58% |        6622      3.11%     13.69% |        6602      3.10%     16.80% |        6608      3.11%     19.90% |        6620      3.11%     23.02% |        6611      3.11%     26.12% |        6484      3.05%     29.17% |        6607      3.11%     32.28% |        6608      3.11%     35.39% |        6607      3.11%     38.49% |        6589      3.10%     41.59% |        6596      3.10%     44.69% |        6586      3.10%     47.79% |        6589      3.10%     50.88% |        6420      3.02%     53.90% |        6549      3.08%     56.98% |        6567      3.09%     60.07% |        6555      3.08%     63.15% |        6554      3.08%     66.23% |        6573      3.09%     69.32% |        6557      3.08%     72.40% |        6553      3.08%     75.49% |        6433      3.02%     78.51% |        6542      3.08%     81.59% |        6542      3.08%     84.66% |        6531      3.07%     87.73% |        6536      3.07%     90.80% |        6524      3.07%     93.87% |        6521      3.07%     96.94% |        6514      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       212704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       19099      3.23%      3.23% |       18545      3.14%      6.36% |       18570      3.14%      9.50% |       18513      3.13%     12.63% |       18513      3.13%     15.76% |       18481      3.12%     18.89% |       18495      3.13%     22.02% |       18478      3.12%     25.14% |       18358      3.10%     28.24% |       18521      3.13%     31.38% |       18519      3.13%     34.51% |       18467      3.12%     37.63% |       18503      3.13%     40.76% |       18485      3.13%     43.88% |       18490      3.13%     47.01% |       18451      3.12%     50.13% |       18344      3.10%     53.23% |       18454      3.12%     56.35% |       18459      3.12%     59.47% |       18433      3.12%     62.59% |       18427      3.12%     65.70% |       18402      3.11%     68.81% |       18425      3.12%     71.93% |       18394      3.11%     75.04% |       18343      3.10%     78.14% |       18487      3.13%     81.27% |       18484      3.13%     84.39% |       18443      3.12%     87.51% |       18485      3.13%     90.64% |       18465      3.12%     93.76% |       18461      3.12%     96.88% |       18457      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       591451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         824     18.01%     18.01% |         126      2.75%     20.76% |         123      2.69%     23.45% |         122      2.67%     26.11% |         120      2.62%     28.74% |         120      2.62%     31.36% |         120      2.62%     33.98% |         120      2.62%     36.60% |         120      2.62%     39.23% |         120      2.62%     41.85% |         120      2.62%     44.47% |         120      2.62%     47.09% |         124      2.71%     49.80% |         120      2.62%     52.43% |         121      2.64%     55.07% |         120      2.62%     57.69% |         121      2.64%     60.34% |         124      2.71%     63.05% |         123      2.69%     65.73% |         122      2.67%     68.40% |         120      2.62%     71.02% |         120      2.62%     73.65% |         122      2.67%     76.31% |         120      2.62%     78.93% |         121      2.64%     81.58% |         121      2.64%     84.22% |         120      2.62%     86.84% |         120      2.62%     89.47% |         122      2.67%     92.13% |         120      2.62%     94.76% |         120      2.62%     97.38% |         120      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         4576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         133      3.34%      3.34% |         124      3.12%      6.46% |         124      3.12%      9.58% |         124      3.12%     12.70% |         124      3.12%     15.82% |         124      3.12%     18.93% |         124      3.12%     22.05% |         124      3.12%     25.17% |         124      3.12%     28.29% |         124      3.12%     31.41% |         124      3.12%     34.52% |         124      3.12%     37.64% |         124      3.12%     40.76% |         124      3.12%     43.88% |         124      3.12%     47.00% |         124      3.12%     50.11% |         124      3.12%     53.23% |         124      3.12%     56.35% |         124      3.12%     59.47% |         124      3.12%     62.58% |         124      3.12%     65.70% |         124      3.12%     68.82% |         124      3.12%     71.94% |         124      3.12%     75.06% |         124      3.12%     78.17% |         124      3.12%     81.29% |         124      3.12%     84.41% |         124      3.12%     87.53% |         124      3.12%     90.65% |         124      3.12%     93.76% |         124      3.12%     96.88% |         124      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         3977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75883      7.19%      7.19% |       32281      3.06%     10.24% |       31577      2.99%     13.23% |       31750      3.01%     16.24% |       31991      3.03%     19.27% |       30902      2.93%     22.20% |       30862      2.92%     25.12% |       30557      2.89%     28.01% |       32516      3.08%     31.09% |       31210      2.96%     34.05% |       33132      3.14%     37.18% |       31968      3.03%     40.21% |       31558      2.99%     43.20% |       30599      2.90%     46.10% |       30628      2.90%     49.00% |       30513      2.89%     51.89% |       32809      3.11%     54.99% |       30893      2.93%     57.92% |       31776      3.01%     60.93% |       31326      2.97%     63.89% |       31792      3.01%     66.90% |       31243      2.96%     69.86% |       31782      3.01%     72.87% |       30755      2.91%     75.79% |       32204      3.05%     78.83% |       31147      2.95%     81.78% |       31668      3.00%     84.78% |       30619      2.90%     87.68% |       31983      3.03%     90.71% |       30718      2.91%     93.62% |       33090      3.13%     96.75% |       34282      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1056014                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.44%      2.44% |           5      4.07%      6.50% |           5      4.07%     10.57% |           3      2.44%     13.01% |           3      2.44%     15.45% |           5      4.07%     19.51% |           5      4.07%     23.58% |           3      2.44%     26.02% |           4      3.25%     29.27% |           1      0.81%     30.08% |           3      2.44%     32.52% |           2      1.63%     34.15% |           2      1.63%     35.77% |           2      1.63%     37.40% |           4      3.25%     40.65% |           5      4.07%     44.72% |           3      2.44%     47.15% |           2      1.63%     48.78% |           2      1.63%     50.41% |           3      2.44%     52.85% |           3      2.44%     55.28% |           4      3.25%     58.54% |           4      3.25%     61.79% |           7      5.69%     67.48% |           4      3.25%     70.73% |           3      2.44%     73.17% |           4      3.25%     76.42% |           4      3.25%     79.67% |           6      4.88%     84.55% |           5      4.07%     88.62% |           7      5.69%     94.31% |           7      5.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         564      4.06%      4.06% |         344      2.48%      6.53% |         332      2.39%      8.92% |         370      2.66%     11.59% |         345      2.48%     14.07% |         354      2.55%     16.62% |         330      2.37%     18.99% |         377      2.71%     21.70% |         651      4.68%     26.39% |         366      2.63%     29.02% |         380      2.73%     31.76% |         404      2.91%     34.66% |         352      2.53%     37.20% |         362      2.61%     39.80% |         363      2.61%     42.42% |         403      2.90%     45.32% |         698      5.02%     50.34% |         446      3.21%     53.55% |         420      3.02%     56.57% |         469      3.38%     59.95% |         461      3.32%     63.26% |         454      3.27%     66.53% |         450      3.24%     69.77% |         495      3.56%     73.33% |         689      4.96%     78.29% |         422      3.04%     81.33% |         406      2.92%     84.25% |         457      3.29%     87.54% |         412      2.96%     90.50% |         420      3.02%     93.52% |         418      3.01%     96.53% |         482      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     20.51%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           0      0.00%     20.51% |           8     20.51%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |          14     35.90%     76.92% |           4     10.26%     87.18% |           5     12.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           6     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     12.50%     37.50% |           9     37.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2      8.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     12.50%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       30011      3.59%      3.59% |       26039      3.11%      6.70% |       26084      3.12%      9.82% |       26053      3.11%     12.93% |       26025      3.11%     16.04% |       25987      3.11%     19.15% |       25993      3.11%     22.26% |       26025      3.11%     25.37% |       26037      3.11%     28.48% |       26039      3.11%     31.59% |       26076      3.12%     34.71% |       26048      3.11%     37.82% |       26039      3.11%     40.94% |       26022      3.11%     44.05% |       26012      3.11%     47.16% |       26017      3.11%     50.27% |       26040      3.11%     53.38% |       26036      3.11%     56.49% |       26011      3.11%     59.60% |       26001      3.11%     62.71% |       25984      3.11%     65.81% |       25991      3.11%     68.92% |       25977      3.11%     72.03% |       25991      3.11%     75.13% |       26047      3.11%     78.25% |       26031      3.11%     81.36% |       26016      3.11%     84.47% |       25991      3.11%     87.57% |       25989      3.11%     90.68% |       25988      3.11%     93.79% |       25969      3.10%     96.89% |       26009      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.53%      3.53% |           3      3.53%      7.06% |           2      2.35%      9.41% |           2      2.35%     11.76% |           2      2.35%     14.12% |           4      4.71%     18.82% |           3      3.53%     22.35% |           3      3.53%     25.88% |           3      3.53%     29.41% |           1      1.18%     30.59% |           2      2.35%     32.94% |           1      1.18%     34.12% |           1      1.18%     35.29% |           2      2.35%     37.65% |           3      3.53%     41.18% |           5      5.88%     47.06% |           3      3.53%     50.59% |           2      2.35%     52.94% |           1      1.18%     54.12% |           3      3.53%     57.65% |           3      3.53%     61.18% |           2      2.35%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           5      5.88%     72.94% |           3      3.53%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           2      2.35%     83.53% |           3      3.53%     87.06% |           2      2.35%     89.41% |           2      2.35%     91.76% |           7      8.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     73.33%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           8      3.67%      3.67% |           6      2.75%      6.42% |           4      1.83%      8.26% |           7      3.21%     11.47% |           4      1.83%     13.30% |           5      2.29%     15.60% |           7      3.21%     18.81% |           7      3.21%     22.02% |           6      2.75%     24.77% |           9      4.13%     28.90% |           2      0.92%     29.82% |           5      2.29%     32.11% |           2      0.92%     33.03% |           8      3.67%     36.70% |           4      1.83%     38.53% |           8      3.67%     42.20% |          10      4.59%     46.79% |           8      3.67%     50.46% |           3      1.38%     51.83% |           5      2.29%     54.13% |           9      4.13%     58.26% |           6      2.75%     61.01% |           5      2.29%     63.30% |           9      4.13%     67.43% |           7      3.21%     70.64% |           7      3.21%     73.85% |           6      2.75%     76.61% |          13      5.96%     82.57% |          10      4.59%     87.16% |          10      4.59%     91.74% |           6      2.75%     94.50% |          12      5.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         109      5.39%      5.39% |           4      0.20%      5.58% |           9      0.44%      6.03% |           8      0.40%      6.42% |          25      1.24%      7.66% |          24      1.19%      8.84% |           4      0.20%      9.04% |          11      0.54%      9.58% |         165      8.15%     17.74% |          29      1.43%     19.17% |          30      1.48%     20.65% |          29      1.43%     22.08% |          27      1.33%     23.42% |          26      1.28%     24.70% |          29      1.43%     26.14% |          27      1.33%     27.47% |         231     11.41%     38.88% |          71      3.51%     42.39% |          70      3.46%     45.85% |          68      3.36%     49.21% |          67      3.31%     52.52% |          68      3.36%     55.88% |          67      3.31%     59.19% |          67      3.31%     62.50% |         207     10.23%     72.73% |          80      3.95%     76.68% |          78      3.85%     80.53% |          82      4.05%     84.58% |          77      3.80%     88.39% |          78      3.85%     92.24% |          79      3.90%     96.15% |          78      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         2024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           7      3.40%      3.40% |           6      2.91%      6.31% |           4      1.94%      8.25% |           7      3.40%     11.65% |           4      1.94%     13.59% |           6      2.91%     16.50% |           7      3.40%     19.90% |           7      3.40%     23.30% |           6      2.91%     26.21% |           9      4.37%     30.58% |           2      0.97%     31.55% |           5      2.43%     33.98% |           2      0.97%     34.95% |           8      3.88%     38.83% |           4      1.94%     40.78% |           7      3.40%     44.17% |           7      3.40%     47.57% |           7      3.40%     50.97% |           2      0.97%     51.94% |           4      1.94%     53.88% |           7      3.40%     57.28% |           6      2.91%     60.19% |           4      1.94%     62.14% |           8      3.88%     66.02% |           6      2.91%     68.93% |           7      3.40%     72.33% |           6      2.91%     75.24% |          13      6.31%     81.55% |          10      4.85%     86.41% |          10      4.85%     91.26% |           6      2.91%     94.17% |          12      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         448      3.84%      3.84% |         334      2.86%      6.70% |         319      2.73%      9.44% |         355      3.04%     12.48% |         316      2.71%     15.19% |         324      2.78%     17.97% |         319      2.73%     20.70% |         359      3.08%     23.78% |         480      4.11%     27.89% |         328      2.81%     30.70% |         348      2.98%     33.69% |         370      3.17%     36.86% |         323      2.77%     39.63% |         328      2.81%     42.44% |         330      2.83%     45.27% |         369      3.16%     48.43% |         460      3.94%     52.37% |         368      3.15%     55.53% |         348      2.98%     58.51% |         397      3.40%     61.91% |         387      3.32%     65.23% |         380      3.26%     68.49% |         379      3.25%     71.74% |         420      3.60%     75.34% |         476      4.08%     79.42% |         335      2.87%     82.29% |         322      2.76%     85.05% |         362      3.10%     88.15% |         325      2.79%     90.94% |         332      2.85%     93.79% |         333      2.85%     96.64% |         392      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        11666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         500     46.08%     46.08% |          89      8.20%     54.29% |          87      8.02%     62.30% |          87      8.02%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |           0      0.00%     70.32% |         107      9.86%     80.18% |         107      9.86%     90.05% |         107      9.86%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         1085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         869      6.34%      6.34% |         385      2.81%      9.15% |         404      2.95%     12.10% |         399      2.91%     15.01% |         419      3.06%     18.07% |         393      2.87%     20.94% |         399      2.91%     23.85% |         412      3.01%     26.86% |         396      2.89%     29.75% |         399      2.91%     32.66% |         423      3.09%     35.74% |         424      3.09%     38.84% |         445      3.25%     42.09% |         434      3.17%     45.25% |         424      3.09%     48.35% |         425      3.10%     51.45% |         432      3.15%     54.60% |         440      3.21%     57.81% |         417      3.04%     60.86% |         395      2.88%     63.74% |         395      2.88%     66.62% |         412      3.01%     69.63% |         395      2.88%     72.51% |         399      2.91%     75.42% |         434      3.17%     78.59% |         431      3.15%     81.73% |         435      3.17%     84.91% |         413      3.01%     87.92% |         403      2.94%     90.86% |         430      3.14%     94.00% |         418      3.05%     97.05% |         404      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |         203      5.05%      5.05% |         122      3.03%      8.08% |         120      2.98%     11.06% |         120      2.98%     14.04% |         120      2.98%     17.03% |         120      2.98%     20.01% |         120      2.98%     22.99% |         120      2.98%     25.98% |         120      2.98%     28.96% |         120      2.98%     31.94% |         120      2.98%     34.92% |         120      2.98%     37.91% |         123      3.06%     40.96% |         120      2.98%     43.95% |         121      3.01%     46.96% |         120      2.98%     49.94% |         120      2.98%     52.92% |         149      3.70%     56.62% |         150      3.73%     60.35% |         150      3.73%     64.08% |         120      2.98%     67.06% |         120      2.98%     70.05% |         122      3.03%     73.08% |         120      2.98%     76.06% |         120      2.98%     79.05% |         121      3.01%     82.05% |         120      2.98%     85.04% |         120      2.98%     88.02% |         122      3.03%     91.05% |         120      2.98%     94.03% |         120      2.98%     97.02% |         120      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         4023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |         119      3.07%      3.07% |         124      3.20%      6.27% |         121      3.12%      9.40% |         122      3.15%     12.55% |         120      3.10%     15.64% |         123      3.18%     18.82% |         120      3.10%     21.92% |         120      3.10%     25.01% |         120      3.10%     28.11% |         121      3.12%     31.23% |         120      3.10%     34.33% |         120      3.10%     37.43% |         125      3.23%     40.66% |         120      3.10%     43.75% |         122      3.15%     46.90% |         121      3.12%     50.03% |         120      3.10%     53.12% |         121      3.12%     56.25% |         122      3.15%     59.40% |         122      3.15%     62.55% |         120      3.10%     65.64% |         121      3.12%     68.77% |         122      3.15%     71.92% |         120      3.10%     75.01% |         121      3.12%     78.14% |         121      3.12%     81.26% |         120      3.10%     84.36% |         121      3.12%     87.48% |         124      3.20%     90.68% |         120      3.10%     93.78% |         120      3.10%     96.88% |         121      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         3874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           2     16.67%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24593      3.69%      3.69% |       20749      3.12%      6.81% |       20768      3.12%      9.93% |       20729      3.11%     13.04% |       20684      3.11%     16.15% |       20673      3.10%     19.25% |       20679      3.11%     22.36% |       20709      3.11%     25.47% |       20697      3.11%     28.58% |       20718      3.11%     31.69% |       20749      3.12%     34.80% |       20701      3.11%     37.91% |       20677      3.11%     41.02% |       20677      3.11%     44.12% |       20679      3.11%     47.23% |       20683      3.11%     50.33% |       20679      3.11%     53.44% |       20676      3.11%     56.55% |       20674      3.10%     59.65% |       20694      3.11%     62.76% |       20667      3.10%     65.86% |       20650      3.10%     68.96% |       20674      3.10%     72.07% |       20676      3.11%     75.17% |       20680      3.11%     78.28% |       20681      3.11%     81.38% |       20654      3.10%     84.49% |       20663      3.10%     87.59% |       20669      3.10%     90.69% |       20639      3.10%     93.79% |       20626      3.10%     96.89% |       20702      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665869                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           2      3.92%      3.92% |           0      0.00%      3.92% |          24     47.06%     50.98% |          22     43.14%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      1.96%     96.08% |           2      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         429      3.23%      3.23% |         383      2.89%      6.12% |         403      3.04%      9.15% |         401      3.02%     12.17% |         419      3.16%     15.33% |         391      2.95%     18.27% |         398      3.00%     21.27% |         413      3.11%     24.38% |         398      3.00%     27.38% |         401      3.02%     30.40% |         422      3.18%     33.58% |         422      3.18%     36.76% |         449      3.38%     40.14% |         435      3.28%     43.42% |         425      3.20%     46.62% |         426      3.21%     49.83% |         432      3.25%     53.08% |         440      3.31%     56.40% |         416      3.13%     59.53% |         394      2.97%     62.50% |         398      3.00%     65.50% |         413      3.11%     68.61% |         395      2.98%     71.59% |         399      3.01%     74.59% |         433      3.26%     77.85% |         431      3.25%     81.10% |         435      3.28%     84.38% |         413      3.11%     87.49% |         405      3.05%     90.54% |         431      3.25%     93.79% |         421      3.17%     96.96% |         404      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6013      3.16%      3.16% |        5931      3.12%      6.28% |        5937      3.12%      9.40% |        5947      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.65% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5966      3.14%     28.16% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.40% |        5949      3.13%     37.53% |        5937      3.12%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.01% |        5953      3.13%     53.14% |        5944      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.39% |        5937      3.12%     62.51% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5958      3.13%     78.14% |        5943      3.12%     81.26% |        5951      3.13%     84.39% |        5939      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5942      3.12%     93.76% |        5946      3.13%     96.88% |        5927      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         200     80.32%     80.32% |           6      2.41%     82.73% |           3      1.20%     83.94% |           6      2.41%     86.35% |           0      0.00%     86.35% |           1      0.40%     86.75% |           1      0.40%     87.15% |           0      0.00%     87.15% |           0      0.00%     87.15% |           1      0.40%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           5      2.01%     89.56% |           0      0.00%     89.56% |           2      0.80%     90.36% |           1      0.40%     90.76% |           0      0.00%     90.76% |           0      0.00%     90.76% |          10      4.02%     94.78% |           2      0.80%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           0      0.00%     95.58% |           1      0.40%     95.98% |           0      0.00%     95.98% |           2      0.80%     96.79% |           1      0.40%     97.19% |           4      1.61%     98.80% |           1      0.40%     99.20% |           1      0.40%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          249                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1      2.78%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           1      2.78%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |          15     41.67%     47.22% |          19     52.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77581      7.10%      7.10% |       33347      3.05%     10.15% |       32629      2.98%     13.13% |       32837      3.00%     16.13% |       33063      3.02%     19.16% |       31984      2.93%     22.08% |       31919      2.92%     25.00% |       31667      2.90%     27.90% |       33892      3.10%     31.00% |       32299      2.95%     33.95% |       34240      3.13%     37.08% |       33101      3.03%     40.11% |       32635      2.98%     43.09% |       31688      2.90%     45.99% |       31718      2.90%     48.89% |       31649      2.89%     51.79% |       34230      3.13%     54.92% |       32063      2.93%     57.85% |       32910      3.01%     60.86% |       32519      2.97%     63.83% |       32975      3.02%     66.85% |       32420      2.97%     69.82% |       32957      3.01%     72.83% |       31979      2.92%     75.75% |       33598      3.07%     78.83% |       32282      2.95%     81.78% |       32786      3.00%     84.78% |       31788      2.91%     87.68% |       33106      3.03%     90.71% |       31849      2.91%     93.63% |       34219      3.13%     96.76% |       35480      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      5.62%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |           0      0.00%      5.62% |          29     32.58%     38.20% |          28     31.46%     69.66% |          27     30.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         241      6.08%      6.08% |         122      3.08%      9.15% |         120      3.03%     12.18% |         116      2.92%     15.10% |         120      3.03%     18.13% |         120      3.03%     21.15% |         120      3.03%     24.18% |         120      3.03%     27.21% |         120      3.03%     30.23% |         120      3.03%     33.26% |         120      3.03%     36.28% |         118      2.98%     39.26% |         124      3.13%     42.39% |         120      3.03%     45.41% |         120      3.03%     48.44% |         120      3.03%     51.46% |         120      3.03%     54.49% |         120      3.03%     57.51% |         121      3.05%     60.56% |         121      3.05%     63.62% |         120      3.03%     66.64% |         120      3.03%     69.67% |         122      3.08%     72.74% |         120      3.03%     75.77% |         120      3.03%     78.79% |         120      3.03%     81.82% |         120      3.03%     84.85% |         120      3.03%     87.87% |         121      3.05%     90.92% |         120      3.03%     93.95% |         120      3.03%     96.97% |         120      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         3966                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         580     96.83%     96.83% |           4      0.67%     97.50% |           3      0.50%     98.00% |           2      0.33%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           0      0.00%     98.33% |           1      0.17%     98.50% |           0      0.00%     98.50% |           1      0.17%     98.66% |           4      0.67%     99.33% |           2      0.33%     99.67% |           1      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           4     36.36%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     44.44%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         821     17.98%     17.98% |         126      2.76%     20.74% |         123      2.69%     23.44% |         118      2.58%     26.02% |         120      2.63%     28.65% |         120      2.63%     31.28% |         120      2.63%     33.91% |         120      2.63%     36.54% |         120      2.63%     39.17% |         120      2.63%     41.80% |         120      2.63%     44.42% |         118      2.58%     47.01% |         124      2.72%     49.73% |         120      2.63%     52.35% |         121      2.65%     55.01% |         120      2.63%     57.63% |         121      2.65%     60.28% |         124      2.72%     63.00% |         123      2.69%     65.70% |         122      2.67%     68.37% |         120      2.63%     71.00% |         120      2.63%     73.63% |         122      2.67%     76.30% |         120      2.63%     78.93% |         121      2.65%     81.58% |         120      2.63%     84.21% |         120      2.63%     86.83% |         120      2.63%     89.46% |         121      2.65%     92.11% |         120      2.63%     94.74% |         120      2.63%     97.37% |         120      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         4565                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       74201      4.38%      4.38% |      847060     50.00%     54.38% |       33797      1.99%     56.37% |       28545      1.68%     58.06% |       24519      1.45%     59.51% |       26321      1.55%     61.06% |       34498      2.04%     63.10% |       32113      1.90%     64.99% |       23721      1.40%     66.39% |       23826      1.41%     67.80% |       23316      1.38%     69.18% |       23944      1.41%     70.59% |       24287      1.43%     72.02% |       23685      1.40%     73.42% |       23174      1.37%     74.79% |       23475      1.39%     76.17% |       32493      1.92%     78.09% |       32802      1.94%     80.03% |       23608      1.39%     81.42% |       23497      1.39%     82.81% |       23196      1.37%     84.18% |       23663      1.40%     85.57% |       23254      1.37%     86.95% |       23176      1.37%     88.32% |       23364      1.38%     89.69% |       23508      1.39%     91.08% |       23631      1.39%     92.48% |       23073      1.36%     93.84% |       23679      1.40%     95.24% |       24467      1.44%     96.68% |       28957      1.71%     98.39% |       27270      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1694120                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       74201      4.38%      4.38% |      847060     50.00%     54.38% |       33797      1.99%     56.37% |       28545      1.68%     58.06% |       24519      1.45%     59.51% |       26321      1.55%     61.06% |       34498      2.04%     63.10% |       32113      1.90%     64.99% |       23721      1.40%     66.39% |       23826      1.41%     67.80% |       23316      1.38%     69.18% |       23944      1.41%     70.59% |       24287      1.43%     72.02% |       23685      1.40%     73.42% |       23174      1.37%     74.79% |       23475      1.39%     76.17% |       32493      1.92%     78.09% |       32802      1.94%     80.03% |       23608      1.39%     81.42% |       23497      1.39%     82.81% |       23196      1.37%     84.18% |       23663      1.40%     85.57% |       23254      1.37%     86.95% |       23176      1.37%     88.32% |       23364      1.38%     89.69% |       23508      1.39%     91.08% |       23631      1.39%     92.48% |       23073      1.36%     93.84% |       23679      1.40%     95.24% |       24467      1.44%     96.68% |       28957      1.71%     98.39% |       27270      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1694120                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       74201      4.38%      4.38% |      847060     50.00%     54.38% |       33797      1.99%     56.37% |       28545      1.68%     58.06% |       24519      1.45%     59.51% |       26321      1.55%     61.06% |       34498      2.04%     63.10% |       32113      1.90%     64.99% |       23721      1.40%     66.39% |       23826      1.41%     67.80% |       23316      1.38%     69.18% |       23944      1.41%     70.59% |       24287      1.43%     72.02% |       23685      1.40%     73.42% |       23174      1.37%     74.79% |       23475      1.39%     76.17% |       32493      1.92%     78.09% |       32802      1.94%     80.03% |       23608      1.39%     81.42% |       23497      1.39%     82.81% |       23196      1.37%     84.18% |       23663      1.40%     85.57% |       23254      1.37%     86.95% |       23176      1.37%     88.32% |       23364      1.38%     89.69% |       23508      1.39%     91.08% |       23631      1.39%     92.48% |       23073      1.36%     93.84% |       23679      1.40%     95.24% |       24467      1.44%     96.68% |       28957      1.71%     98.39% |       27270      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1694120                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       74201      4.38%      4.38% |      847060     50.00%     54.38% |       33797      1.99%     56.37% |       28545      1.68%     58.06% |       24519      1.45%     59.51% |       26321      1.55%     61.06% |       34498      2.04%     63.10% |       32113      1.90%     64.99% |       23721      1.40%     66.39% |       23826      1.41%     67.80% |       23316      1.38%     69.18% |       23944      1.41%     70.59% |       24287      1.43%     72.02% |       23685      1.40%     73.42% |       23174      1.37%     74.79% |       23475      1.39%     76.17% |       32493      1.92%     78.09% |       32802      1.94%     80.03% |       23608      1.39%     81.42% |       23497      1.39%     82.81% |       23196      1.37%     84.18% |       23663      1.40%     85.57% |       23254      1.37%     86.95% |       23176      1.37%     88.32% |       23364      1.38%     89.69% |       23508      1.39%     91.08% |       23631      1.39%     92.48% |       23073      1.36%     93.84% |       23679      1.40%     95.24% |       24467      1.44%     96.68% |       28957      1.71%     98.39% |       27270      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1694120                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
