
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038832                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38831519500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214999598000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103625                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182456                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              221372896                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3266016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   175.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18177093                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32004949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120744799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120744799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73706722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73706722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194451520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194451520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2862144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      458                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2274                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38831007000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.363007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.484310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.209870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12591     38.92%     38.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7202     22.26%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8060     24.91%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1090      3.37%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          754      2.33%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          594      1.84%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      1.34%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          426      1.32%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1202      3.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.200628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.016536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7953     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.618216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.389478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.211370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7446     93.54%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           153      1.92%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          107      1.34%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          254      3.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3477506628                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4850906628                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47475.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               66225.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329126.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429564500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27104344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126599760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              117981360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               69077250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64374750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289988400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281314800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146823840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142968240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14169017250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13807265895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10869210750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11186536500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28206905970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28136630265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.415046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.605229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117540803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117540803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70731819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70731819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188272622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188272622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      368                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2107                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38830755000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.834238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.846227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.758225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9298     32.54%     32.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6615     23.15%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8026     28.09%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1174      4.11%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          812      2.84%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          544      1.90%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          469      1.64%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          459      1.61%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1174      4.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.309390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.344086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7649     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.604675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.375701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.216423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7156     93.46%     93.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           155      2.02%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           96      1.25%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          250      3.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3055459148                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4392371648                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    42852.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61602.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55782                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339925.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26915994500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112969080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103027680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61639875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56215500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             282773400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273327600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141225120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136864080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14043540870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13379859090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10979277750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11561454750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28157614815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28046937420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.145646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.295361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117601785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117601785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70771374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70771374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188373159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188373159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      331                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2245                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38830994500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.478064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.733328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.016343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9225     32.35%     32.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6576     23.06%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8126     28.50%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1117      3.92%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          797      2.80%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          612      2.15%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          463      1.62%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          434      1.52%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1165      4.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.315047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.457676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7651     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.608412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.376636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.228256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7143     93.30%     93.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           155      2.02%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          108      1.41%     96.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          250      3.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3021539384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4359145634                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42354.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61104.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339746.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10523277000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27010747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112787640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              102785760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61540875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56083500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             283147800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273265200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141199200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137039040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14088512160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13445222985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10939829250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11504118000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28163205645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28054703205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.289627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.495354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117135360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117135360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70654356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70654356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187789716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187789716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      367                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2399                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38830777000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.829372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.040998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.067958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8921     31.79%     31.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6467     23.05%     54.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8044     28.67%     83.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1115      3.97%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          812      2.89%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          593      2.11%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          476      1.70%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          467      1.66%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1166      4.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.327337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.589666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7610     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.628414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.390829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.253833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7093     93.13%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           165      2.17%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          106      1.39%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          252      3.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3168794315                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4501263065                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    44590.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               63340.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55712                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30155                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340797.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542160500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26991631500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110587680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              101553480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60340500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55411125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             281470800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272773800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140881680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2536188720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13899221145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13291800075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11105877000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11638702500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28134567525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28033319700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.552014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.944569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307048                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 27.041716                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.562086                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.899418                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3244033     98.09%     98.09% |       51284      1.55%     99.65% |       10903      0.33%     99.97% |         791      0.02%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307048                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11964631                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.961827                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.703950                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.225482                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4942361     41.31%     41.31% |     6060143     50.65%     91.96% |      805301      6.73%     98.69% |       94324      0.79%     99.48% |       22746      0.19%     99.67% |       16103      0.13%     99.80% |       13794      0.12%     99.92% |        8051      0.07%     99.98% |        1367      0.01%    100.00% |         441      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11964631                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11964628                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.966648                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.637052                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             59.113190                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11934829     99.75%     99.75% |       21582      0.18%     99.93% |        6926      0.06%     99.99% |        1143      0.01%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11964628                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11342669                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000449                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021183                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11337580     99.96%     99.96% |        5088      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11342669                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621959                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        175.483257                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.578098                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       197.528332                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592160     95.21%     95.21% |       21582      3.47%     98.68% |        6926      1.11%     99.79% |        1143      0.18%     99.98% |         131      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621959                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          76693                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        76693                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7916723                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378820                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8295543                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3376304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3497506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107892                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416375                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43355                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1498                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5952                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1569                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1667                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        21781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1681                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        19429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1459                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1692                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        23296                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1837                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1722                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14388                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8672                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16375                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7913                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3698                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5922448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5922448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6010605                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5922448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2597659                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2591824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5922448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.076258                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2165918                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2165918                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2202553                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2165918                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1170445                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1157242                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2165918                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027889                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1534533                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1534533                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1562107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1534533                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       606376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       600233                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1534533                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1201633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1201633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1228532                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1201633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       504267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       501809                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1201633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1717949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1717949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1746086                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1717949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       886822                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       874357                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1717949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.022121                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1708589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1708589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1736872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1708589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       864645                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       858673                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1708589                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.022000                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2192365                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2192365                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2228825                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2192365                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       795062                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       790985                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2192365                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028229                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1238064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1238064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1268789                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1238064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       508487                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506608                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1238064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015941                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       805760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       805760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       824391                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       805760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375386                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       366324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       805760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010375                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1146261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1146261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1168883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1146261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       578499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       569413                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1146261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014759                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       756053                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       756053                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       764731                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       756053                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       314205                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       313949                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       756053                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       661199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       661199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       664834                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       661199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       262879                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       661199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008514                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       992014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       992014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       996668                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       992014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476335                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476070                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       992014                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012773                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       699100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       699100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       702860                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       699100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       285004                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       284756                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       699100                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.009002                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       415740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       415740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       417723                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       415740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162324                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162240                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       415740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005353                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       614688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       614688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       618344                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       614688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       242644                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       242472                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       614688                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007915                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1022502                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1022502                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1033370                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1022502                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       368735                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       368486                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1022502                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013166                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       687778                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       687778                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       694303                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       687778                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259422                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       687778                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008856                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       651352                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       651352                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       657617                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       651352                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259390                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       259180                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       651352                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405325                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       387017                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       387017                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       387667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387017                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       190297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       190281                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       387017                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004983                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       521529                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       521529                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522255                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       521529                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261127                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261085                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       521529                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006715                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       409867                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       188478                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       188451                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005265                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262109                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       331420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       331420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       331952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       331420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       138371                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       138364                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       331420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004267                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       472845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       472845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       473581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       472845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       231704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       231661                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       472845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006088                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       388216                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       388216                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       389164                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       388216                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172667                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       172644                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       388216                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004999                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261817                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1431916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1431916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1475808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1431916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       599611                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       598484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1431916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018438                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1401891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1401891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1429497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1401891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       566965                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       565999                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1401891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018051                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1447034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1447034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1483530                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1447034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       583081                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582154                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1447034                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018632                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1489016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1489016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1525688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1489016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       610182                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       608940                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1489016                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019173                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2663699     28.32%     28.32% |     6214049     66.06%     94.38% |      529054      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9406802                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2663699     28.32%     28.32% |     6214049     66.06%     94.38% |      529054      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9406802                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    77169310                       |   146702613                       |    11238059                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    10204853                       |    29247242                       |      529092                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   28.970732                       |   23.608216                       |   21.241800                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.831083                       |    4.706632                       |    1.000072                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.993614                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.250242                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.243857                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001871                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.041072      7.13%      7.13% |    0.040426      7.02%     14.14% |    0.040943      7.11%     21.25% |    0.040347      7.00%     28.25% |    0.094533     16.41%     44.66% |    0.095860     16.64%     61.30% |    0.094429     16.39%     77.69% |    0.095805     16.63%     94.31% |    0.008189      1.42%     95.73% |    0.008194      1.42%     97.16% |    0.008193      1.42%     98.58% |    0.008191      1.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.576181                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014221                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028839                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000706                       |    0.000754                       |    0.000798                       |    0.000796                       |    0.000708                       |    0.000824                       |    0.000850                       |    0.000821                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005540                       |    0.001896                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001824                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001772                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001657                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001757                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005637                       |    0.005483                       |    0.005486                       |    0.005464                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000389                       |    0.001390                       |    0.000111                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000126                       |    0.000116                       |    0.000134                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000841                       |    0.001277                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000133                       |    0.001730                       |    0.004451                       |    0.001188                       |           0                       |    0.001812                       |    0.003863                       |           0                       |    0.003641                       |    0.007419                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001065                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000111                       |    0.003391                       |    0.002851                       |    0.010770                       |    0.001130                       |    0.001711                       |    0.000120                       |    0.007438                       |    0.002863                       |    0.002210                       |           0                       |    0.001705                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007305                       |    0.003178                       |    0.002144                       |           0                       |    0.001725                       |           0                       |    0.003674                       |    0.001578                       |    0.001536                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001757                       |    0.000846                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001142                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001860                       |    0.001230                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000131                       |    0.001947                       |    0.003720                       |    0.004309                       |    0.001835                       |    0.001202                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000129                       |    0.003045                       |    0.007631                       |    0.005962                       |    0.002546                       |    0.037218                       |    0.004616                       |    0.000389                       |    0.002420                       |    0.012341                       |    0.015962                       |    0.003312                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001764                       |    0.001390                       |    0.002619                       |    0.006791                       |    0.012138                       |    0.003186                       |    0.001195                       |    0.001586                       |    0.000126                       |    0.004165                       |    0.004875                       |    0.006985                       |    0.003068                       |           0                       |    0.001634                       |           0                       |    0.001661                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003431                       |    0.002545                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000932                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001799                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000237                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |    0.001735                       |           0                       |    0.001306                       |    0.001666                       |    0.003497                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001128                       |    0.003650                       |    0.006698                       |    0.001548                       |    0.001064                       |    0.001539                       |    0.000116                       |    0.017967                       |    0.003400                       |    0.002200                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001239                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000134                       |    0.001555                       |    0.007370                       |    0.002478                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001906                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001577                       |    0.007357                       |    0.003019                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000752                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001515                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000083                       |    0.001684                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000606                       |           0                       |    0.003217                       |           0                       |    0.001548                       |           0                       |    0.001665                       |    0.000459                       |    0.004242                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008382                       |    0.001493                       |    0.001349                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000578                       |    0.005153                       |    0.001547                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002565                       |    0.004219                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.576181                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4074130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4074130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2664863                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.134162                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8734788                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4994389                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8782964                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5038799                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13729177                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92586                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13821763                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3504421                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3513864                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3504421                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3513864                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74129785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13414187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24122103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4074130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2387672                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56002621                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310907                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3503768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70562728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62485649     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1017081      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642687      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737092      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           604007      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676774      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608759      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352269      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3438410      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70562728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55741042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131794                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2002276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41340728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30353452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5173819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19681498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40315146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1451634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46561144                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97715137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61079144                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36689339                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9871797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13705101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4448916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5199935                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       397498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       251548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39291259                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       193044                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41584944                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168662                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70562728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54785332     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5752063      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3023840      4.29%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2683770      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906432      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052937      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861496      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300362      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196496      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70562728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92699     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27394329     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8871753     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5067676     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41584944                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798128                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154699351                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46752366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36105984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42208918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       565863                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120494                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4287370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24798255                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39484303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4448916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5199935                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       184181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41174836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8728121                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13728222                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2997785                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5000101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36172519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36106004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20523387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33193163                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447088                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138574                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69396528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57577576     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4201253      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521709      5.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414924      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       785079      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248862      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       956254      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69396528                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18177092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32004946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8084028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3315775                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31720683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       205180                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23764624     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3315775     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4768253     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32004946                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        956254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107830165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80074441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82758                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3567057                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18177092                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32004946                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.078198                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.078198                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63339422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27870871                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15357077                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110506                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20294200                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                510704500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            510704499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1604100                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.360938                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.452562                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       20.258811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1543774     96.24%     96.24% |       48624      3.03%     99.27% |       10874      0.68%     99.95% |         791      0.05%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1604100                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673940                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.918886                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.801427                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.750225                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1213505     72.49%     72.49% |      457747     27.35%     99.84% |        2398      0.14%     99.98% |         261      0.02%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673940                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29008                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.292471                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.124820                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.880921                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         456      1.57%      1.57% |        5196     17.91%     19.48% |       13517     46.60%     66.08% |        6493     22.38%     88.47% |        3289     11.34%     99.80% |          54      0.19%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29008                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3538747                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.411419                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.993353                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          93.476530                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3513452     99.29%     99.29% |       17456      0.49%     99.78% |        6615      0.19%     99.97% |        1094      0.03%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3538747                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3272048                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000805                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030532                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3268995     99.91%     99.91% |        3053      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3272048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266699                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     220.746617                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    133.008932                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    268.515091                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      241404     90.52%     90.52% |       17456      6.55%     97.06% |        6615      2.48%     99.54% |        1094      0.41%     99.95% |         114      0.04%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266699                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4790697                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.043616                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.597900                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          44.074298                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4786414     99.91%     99.91% |        3908      0.08%     99.99% |         309      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4790697                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4566359                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020655                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4564413     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4566359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224338                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.761275                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.053298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    115.595953                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      220055     98.09%     98.09% |        3908      1.74%     99.83% |         309      0.14%     99.97% |          49      0.02%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224338                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3497504                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.799802                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.967938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3495418     99.94%     99.94% |        1883      0.05%     99.99% |         185      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3497504                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3376304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3376300    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3376304                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.794686                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.493451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.908427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119114     98.28%     98.28% |        1883      1.55%     99.83% |         185      0.15%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8953                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       207551                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        21259                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    16993                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    17953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    17058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    19731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    20232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    19612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2711                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     1536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     1619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     1732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     1464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     1902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     1724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                22008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                21840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                19488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                22680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                23352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                22512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 8142954                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 7731569                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 7955839                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 7782472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 8206016                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 7782517                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7570698                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 7804170                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   16704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   18864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   18720                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   16704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   19440                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   20016                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   19296                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2784                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   3120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   2784                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   3240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                14570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15400                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                16493                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                16272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                14640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                16944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                17345                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2134                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2312                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2371                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2448                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2064                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2496                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2464                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2423                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2553                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2887                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               361                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               399                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               366                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               453                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               436                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      123                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 905537                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 906525                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 906960                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 909039                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 905233                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 910931                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 902571                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 905525                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    5568                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    5568                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    6480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6672                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6432                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                841569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                839007                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                837786                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                843370                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                844919                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                841664                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                821512                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                833142                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             120640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             127920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             136240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             135200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             120640                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             140400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             144560                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             139360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               526680                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               527184                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               550181                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               535654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               515301                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               550377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               592374                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               570038                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           841569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           839007                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           837786                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           843370                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           844919                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           841664                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           821512                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           833142                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        120640                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        127920                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        136240                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        135200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        120640                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        140400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        144560                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        139360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          490366                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          498853                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          518402                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          502831                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          485048                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          521415                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          553594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          533718                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             895082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             895859                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             895539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             898037                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             894392                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             899669                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             892464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             894554                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              2929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4029                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3920                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles             29217                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              5915                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             24236                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6339                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              6545                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739787                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739787                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           472846                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           417357                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           375234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           358784                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           476067                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           385867                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           268269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           341301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1092                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               966                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1218                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2418                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5154                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5810                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              6214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6074                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73261     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26134     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73236     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3393061     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       16716      0.47%     96.31% |       17722      0.50%     96.81% |       18864      0.53%     97.34% |       18731      0.53%     97.87% |       16704      0.47%     98.34% |       19440      0.55%     98.89% |       20028      0.57%     99.46% |       19296      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3540572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3497566    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3497566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4907189     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2726      0.06%     99.57% |        2894      0.06%     99.62% |        3087      0.06%     99.69% |        3061      0.06%     99.75% |        2725      0.06%     99.80% |        3183      0.06%     99.87% |        3280      0.07%     99.94% |        3159      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4931304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     59.54%     59.54% |          10      0.05%     59.59% |         977      4.46%     64.05% |        1071      4.89%     68.94% |        1101      5.03%     73.97% |        1152      5.26%     79.23% |        1015      4.64%     83.87% |        1129      5.16%     89.02% |        1158      5.29%     94.31% |        1246      5.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499128     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       13346      2.16%     83.05% |       14170      2.30%     85.34% |       15077      2.44%     87.79% |       15008      2.43%     90.22% |       13292      2.15%     92.37% |       15553      2.52%     94.89% |       16083      2.61%     97.50% |       15436      2.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         114     11.21%     11.21% |         125     12.29%     23.50% |         131     12.88%     36.38% |         127     12.49%     48.87% |         114     11.21%     60.08% |         136     13.37%     73.45% |         136     13.37%     86.82% |         134     13.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         684     11.23%     11.31% |         740     12.15%     23.45% |         768     12.60%     36.06% |         770     12.64%     48.70% |         690     11.32%     60.02% |         793     13.01%     73.03% |         827     13.57%     86.61% |         816     13.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161487     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11166      4.30%     66.43% |       11832      4.55%     70.99% |       12571      4.84%     75.82% |       12494      4.81%     80.63% |       11135      4.28%     84.92% |       12962      4.99%     89.90% |       13364      5.14%     95.05% |       12877      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         680     11.16%     11.24% |         720     11.82%     23.06% |         786     12.90%     35.96% |         781     12.82%     48.78% |         697     11.44%     60.22% |         800     13.13%     73.35% |         833     13.67%     87.02% |         791     12.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338515     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        1977      0.56%     95.66% |        2102      0.59%     96.25% |        2232      0.63%     96.87% |        2213      0.62%     97.50% |        1972      0.55%     98.05% |        2303      0.65%     98.70% |        2363      0.66%     99.36% |        2278      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377368     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       11857      2.46%     80.74% |       12576      2.61%     83.35% |       13412      2.78%     86.13% |       13321      2.76%     88.89% |       11820      2.45%     91.34% |       13840      2.87%     94.21% |       14281      2.96%     97.18% |       13618      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       482093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162006     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       11851      4.45%     65.23% |       12563      4.71%     69.95% |       13362      5.01%     74.96% |       13278      4.98%     79.94% |       11832      4.44%     84.38% |       13770      5.17%     89.55% |       14197      5.33%     94.87% |       13668      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        1972      0.84%     93.40% |        2091      0.89%     94.30% |        2227      0.95%     95.25% |        2210      0.94%     96.19% |        1972      0.84%     97.04% |        2295      0.98%     98.02% |        2363      1.01%     99.03% |        2278      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.74%     55.74% |           0      0.00%     55.74% |         976      4.94%     60.68% |        1071      5.43%     66.11% |        1097      5.56%     71.67% |        1149      5.82%     77.49% |        1015      5.14%     82.63% |        1129      5.72%     88.35% |        1158      5.87%     94.22% |        1141      5.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         382     25.71%     25.71% |           0      0.00%     25.71% |         109      7.34%     33.04% |         121      8.14%     41.18% |         132      8.88%     50.07% |         128      8.61%     58.68% |         111      7.47%     66.15% |         134      9.02%     75.17% |         134      9.02%     84.19% |         235     15.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3376304    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3376304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.94%     90.94% |           0      0.00%     90.94% |        1345      1.02%     91.95% |        1445      1.09%     93.04% |        1533      1.16%     94.20% |        1527      1.15%     95.35% |        1361      1.03%     96.38% |        1579      1.19%     97.57% |        1633      1.23%     98.81% |        1581      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693105     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        4853      0.28%     97.81% |        5149      0.30%     98.10% |        5502      0.32%     98.42% |        5442      0.31%     98.73% |        4872      0.28%     99.01% |        5670      0.33%     99.34% |        5819      0.34%     99.68% |        5628      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     82.35%     82.35% |           5      0.87%     83.22% |           0      0.00%     83.22% |           0      0.00%     83.22% |           4      0.69%     83.91% |           3      0.52%     84.43% |           0      0.00%     84.43% |           0      0.00%     84.43% |           0      0.00%     84.43% |          90     15.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134786     60.20%     60.20% |           0      0.00%     60.20% |       10122      4.52%     64.72% |       10687      4.77%     69.49% |       11425      5.10%     74.60% |       11316      5.05%     79.65% |       10055      4.49%     84.14% |       11758      5.25%     89.39% |       12148      5.43%     94.82% |       11598      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         684     11.24%     11.24% |         740     12.16%     23.41% |         767     12.61%     36.01% |         770     12.66%     48.67% |         690     11.34%     60.01% |         793     13.03%     73.04% |         826     13.58%     86.62% |         814     13.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1525447    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1525447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4661468     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         754      0.02%     99.87% |         803      0.02%     99.89% |         860      0.02%     99.91% |         851      0.02%     99.93% |         753      0.02%     99.94% |         888      0.02%     99.96% |         917      0.02%     99.98% |         881      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4668175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     92.99%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |           0      0.00%     92.99% |          15      7.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.95%     93.95% |           0      0.00%     93.95% |        1735      0.67%     94.62% |        1889      0.73%     95.36% |        1987      0.77%     96.13% |        2005      0.78%     96.90% |        1765      0.68%     97.59% |        2082      0.81%     98.39% |        2133      0.83%     99.22% |        2020      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         114     11.21%     11.21% |         125     12.29%     23.50% |         131     12.88%     36.38% |         127     12.49%     48.87% |         114     11.21%     60.08% |         136     13.37%     73.45% |         136     13.37%     86.82% |         134     13.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.34%     87.34% |           0      0.00%     87.34% |          35      3.36%     90.70% |          28      2.68%     93.38% |           0      0.00%     93.38% |          32      3.07%     96.45% |           0      0.00%     96.45% |           0      0.00%     96.45% |          35      3.36%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161487     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11166      4.30%     66.43% |       11832      4.55%     70.99% |       12571      4.84%     75.82% |       12494      4.81%     80.63% |       11135      4.28%     84.92% |       12962      4.99%     89.90% |       13364      5.14%     95.05% |       12877      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         680     11.16%     11.24% |         720     11.82%     23.06% |         786     12.90%     35.96% |         781     12.82%     48.78% |         697     11.44%     60.22% |         800     13.13%     73.35% |         833     13.67%     87.02% |         791     12.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216634     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        1972      0.84%     93.40% |        2091      0.89%     94.30% |        2227      0.95%     95.25% |        2210      0.94%     96.19% |        1972      0.84%     97.04% |        2295      0.98%     98.02% |        2363      1.01%     99.03% |        2278      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |          12      0.66%     98.19% |          10      0.55%     98.74% |           0      0.00%     98.74% |          11      0.60%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |          12      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377368     78.28%     78.28% |           0      0.00%     78.28% |       11856      2.46%     80.74% |       12576      2.61%     83.35% |       13411      2.78%     86.13% |       13321      2.76%     88.89% |       11820      2.45%     91.34% |       13840      2.87%     94.21% |       14280      2.96%     97.18% |       13616      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       482088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3241      2.67%     23.62% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.14% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.97% |        3273      2.70%     61.67% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3905      3.22%     88.13% |        5094      4.20%     92.33% |        4947      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47057     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6460      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.74% |        6720      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6110      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8655      3.25%     43.52% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7704      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6307      2.36%     56.82% |       10305      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6865      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7222      2.71%     71.04% |        7631      2.86%     73.90% |        6631      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6567      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6313      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7234      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16459      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.51% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6749      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8267      3.53%     67.66% |        7094      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.86% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234052                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56797     11.78%     11.78% |       15383      3.19%     14.97% |       12592      2.61%     17.58% |       14645      3.04%     20.62% |       13175      2.73%     23.35% |       12558      2.60%     25.96% |       12087      2.51%     28.47% |       12747      2.64%     31.11% |       12944      2.68%     33.80% |       12605      2.61%     36.41% |       15353      3.18%     39.60% |       15609      3.24%     42.83% |       13977      2.90%     45.73% |       13063      2.71%     48.44% |       11848      2.46%     50.90% |       12303      2.55%     53.45% |       10368      2.15%     55.60% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13089      2.72%     60.94% |       14074      2.92%     63.86% |       14751      3.06%     66.92% |       15725      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13683      2.84%     78.66% |       13247      2.75%     81.40% |       13097      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.78% |       15412      3.20%     89.97% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16204      3.36%     96.20% |       18296      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       482095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.26%      4.26% |        4607      3.09%      7.35% |        4628      3.10%     10.45% |        4610      3.09%     13.54% |        4595      3.08%     16.61% |        4607      3.09%     19.70% |        4610      3.09%     22.78% |        4597      3.08%     25.86% |        4612      3.09%     28.95% |        4618      3.09%     32.04% |        4618      3.09%     35.14% |        4611      3.09%     38.22% |        4595      3.08%     41.30% |        4606      3.08%     44.39% |        4599      3.08%     47.47% |        4600      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.65% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4630      3.10%     59.84% |        4620      3.09%     62.93% |        4612      3.09%     66.02% |        4632      3.10%     69.12% |        4616      3.09%     72.21% |        4613      3.09%     75.30% |        4627      3.10%     78.40% |        4625      3.10%     81.50% |        4619      3.09%     84.59% |        4609      3.09%     87.68% |        4612      3.09%     90.77% |        4596      3.08%     93.85% |        4598      3.08%     96.92% |        4593      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3273      3.14%      6.37% |        3302      3.17%      9.54% |        3268      3.14%     12.68% |        3274      3.14%     15.82% |        3239      3.11%     18.93% |        3247      3.12%     22.05% |        3247      3.12%     25.17% |        3251      3.12%     28.29% |        3286      3.15%     31.44% |        3298      3.17%     34.61% |        3263      3.13%     37.74% |        3278      3.15%     40.89% |        3273      3.14%     44.03% |        3275      3.14%     47.17% |        3246      3.12%     50.29% |        3256      3.13%     53.41% |        3245      3.12%     56.53% |        3245      3.12%     59.64% |        3213      3.08%     62.73% |        3234      3.10%     65.83% |        3217      3.09%     68.92% |        3234      3.10%     72.02% |        3209      3.08%     75.10% |        3255      3.12%     78.23% |        3285      3.15%     81.38% |        3271      3.14%     84.52% |        3213      3.08%     87.61% |        3250      3.12%     90.73% |        3240      3.11%     93.84% |        3213      3.08%     96.92% |        3207      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8906      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286978                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7882      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     23.74%     23.74% |           4      1.83%     25.57% |           7      3.20%     28.77% |           6      2.74%     31.51% |           5      2.28%     33.79% |           5      2.28%     36.07% |           4      1.83%     37.90% |           8      3.65%     41.55% |           6      2.74%     44.29% |           7      3.20%     47.49% |           6      2.74%     50.23% |           5      2.28%     52.51% |           7      3.20%     55.71% |           5      2.28%     57.99% |           6      2.74%     60.73% |           3      1.37%     62.10% |           3      1.37%     63.47% |           4      1.83%     65.30% |           8      3.65%     68.95% |           5      2.28%     71.23% |           3      1.37%     72.60% |           7      3.20%     75.80% |           9      4.11%     79.91% |           4      1.83%     81.74% |           5      2.28%     84.02% |           4      1.83%     85.84% |           6      2.74%     88.58% |           6      2.74%     91.32% |           6      2.74%     94.06% |           4      1.83%     95.89% |           6      2.74%     98.63% |           3      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3027     49.71%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |           0      0.00%     49.71% |        3061     50.27%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2180     49.85%     49.85% |           1      0.02%     49.87% |           1      0.02%     49.90% |           1      0.02%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           1      0.02%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           0      0.00%     49.94% |           1      0.02%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |           0      0.00%     49.97% |        2188     50.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2596     15.00%     15.00% |         379      2.19%     17.19% |         392      2.26%     19.45% |         391      2.26%     21.71% |         398      2.30%     24.01% |         388      2.24%     26.25% |         401      2.32%     28.57% |         401      2.32%     30.88% |         388      2.24%     33.13% |         398      2.30%     35.42% |         429      2.48%     37.90% |         424      2.45%     40.35% |         429      2.48%     42.83% |         427      2.47%     45.30% |         431      2.49%     47.79% |         431      2.49%     50.28% |        2619     15.13%     65.41% |         408      2.36%     67.76% |         403      2.33%     70.09% |         385      2.22%     72.32% |         383      2.21%     74.53% |         391      2.26%     76.79% |         387      2.24%     79.02% |         388      2.24%     81.27% |         416      2.40%     83.67% |         426      2.46%     86.13% |         430      2.48%     88.61% |         395      2.28%     90.90% |         396      2.29%     93.18% |         397      2.29%     95.48% |         394      2.28%     97.75% |         389      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17310                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3027     49.68%     49.68% |           1      0.02%     49.70% |           1      0.02%     49.71% |           1      0.02%     49.73% |           0      0.00%     49.73% |           0      0.00%     49.73% |           1      0.02%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |        3061     50.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60419     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12751      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15510      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14129      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13978      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13240      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14904      3.02%     67.37% |       15883      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16356      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493953                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.66% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.06% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3823      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3821      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4702      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2579     15.43%     15.43% |         358      2.14%     17.58% |         373      2.23%     19.81% |         372      2.23%     22.03% |         379      2.27%     24.30% |         368      2.20%     26.51% |         379      2.27%     28.77% |         385      2.30%     31.08% |         370      2.21%     33.29% |         381      2.28%     35.57% |         408      2.44%     38.01% |         406      2.43%     40.44% |         412      2.47%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.80% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2599     15.55%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38237     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2560      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2874      2.12%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.30% |        2275      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4786      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3896      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.54%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3428      2.52%     64.93% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2990      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3405      2.51%     73.96% |        3818      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.84% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2751      2.02%     82.94% |        2662      1.96%     84.90% |        2505      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.37% |        3310      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3464      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11242     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.29% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.99% |        1853      2.25%     27.24% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.36% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.42% |        2102      2.55%     44.97% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1519      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.57% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4598      3.08%      7.34% |        4619      3.10%     10.44% |        4602      3.08%     13.52% |        4588      3.07%     16.60% |        4599      3.08%     19.68% |        4604      3.09%     22.77% |        4595      3.08%     25.84% |        4611      3.09%     28.93% |        4617      3.09%     32.03% |        4614      3.09%     35.12% |        4610      3.09%     38.21% |        4594      3.08%     41.29% |        4604      3.09%     44.38% |        4598      3.08%     47.46% |        4599      3.08%     50.54% |        4632      3.10%     53.64% |        4614      3.09%     56.74% |        4627      3.10%     59.84% |        4619      3.10%     62.93% |        4611      3.09%     66.02% |        4626      3.10%     69.12% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4624      3.10%     78.41% |        4624      3.10%     81.50% |        4617      3.09%     84.60% |        4606      3.09%     87.69% |        4609      3.09%     90.78% |        4589      3.08%     93.85% |        4590      3.08%     96.93% |        4585      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         780      0.90%      0.90% |        2900      3.34%      4.24% |        2913      3.36%      7.59% |        2880      3.32%     10.91% |        2878      3.31%     14.23% |        2854      3.29%     17.51% |        2849      3.28%     20.79% |        2840      3.27%     24.07% |        2858      3.29%     27.36% |        2883      3.32%     30.68% |        2867      3.30%     33.98% |        2835      3.27%     37.24% |        2843      3.27%     40.52% |        2843      3.27%     43.79% |        2839      3.27%     47.06% |        2813      3.24%     50.30% |         636      0.73%     51.04% |        2832      3.26%     54.30% |        2837      3.27%     57.57% |        2824      3.25%     60.82% |        2849      3.28%     64.10% |        2825      3.25%     67.35% |        2840      3.27%     70.62% |        2819      3.25%     73.87% |        2837      3.27%     77.14% |        2856      3.29%     80.43% |        2837      3.27%     83.70% |        2815      3.24%     86.94% |        2851      3.28%     90.22% |        2846      3.28%     93.50% |        2821      3.25%     96.75% |        2823      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86823                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3027     49.68%     49.68% |           1      0.02%     49.70% |           1      0.02%     49.71% |           1      0.02%     49.73% |           0      0.00%     49.73% |           0      0.00%     49.73% |           1      0.02%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           0      0.00%     49.75% |           1      0.02%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |           0      0.00%     49.76% |        3061     50.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         505     49.66%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |           0      0.00%     49.66% |         512     50.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1017                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56790     11.78%     11.78% |       15383      3.19%     14.97% |       12592      2.61%     17.58% |       14645      3.04%     20.62% |       13175      2.73%     23.35% |       12558      2.60%     25.96% |       12087      2.51%     28.47% |       12747      2.64%     31.11% |       12944      2.68%     33.79% |       12605      2.61%     36.41% |       15353      3.18%     39.59% |       15609      3.24%     42.83% |       13977      2.90%     45.73% |       13063      2.71%     48.44% |       11848      2.46%     50.90% |       12303      2.55%     53.45% |       10368      2.15%     55.60% |       12653      2.62%     58.23% |       13089      2.72%     60.94% |       14074      2.92%     63.86% |       14751      3.06%     66.92% |       15725      3.26%     70.18% |       13567      2.81%     73.00% |       13602      2.82%     75.82% |       13683      2.84%     78.66% |       13247      2.75%     81.40% |       13097      2.72%     84.12% |       12808      2.66%     86.78% |       15412      3.20%     89.97% |       13833      2.87%     92.84% |       16204      3.36%     96.20% |       18296      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       482088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.94%      0.94% |          15      2.35%      3.29% |          16      2.50%      5.79% |          16      2.50%      8.29% |          17      2.66%     10.95% |          17      2.66%     13.62% |          19      2.97%     16.59% |          22      3.44%     20.03% |          23      3.60%     23.63% |          22      3.44%     27.07% |          23      3.60%     30.67% |          22      3.44%     34.12% |          23      3.60%     37.72% |          22      3.44%     41.16% |          26      4.07%     45.23% |          30      4.69%     49.92% |          21      3.29%     53.21% |          24      3.76%     56.96% |          21      3.29%     60.25% |          22      3.44%     63.69% |          23      3.60%     67.29% |          22      3.44%     70.74% |          23      3.60%     74.33% |          23      3.60%     77.93% |          22      3.44%     81.38% |          22      3.44%     84.82% |          21      3.29%     88.11% |          21      3.29%     91.39% |          20      3.13%     94.52% |          15      2.35%     96.87% |          10      1.56%     98.44% |          10      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           3     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     22.22%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7882      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254210                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.79%      0.79% |           2      1.57%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           5      3.94%     14.17% |           3      2.36%     16.54% |           3      2.36%     18.90% |           7      5.51%     24.41% |           6      4.72%     29.13% |           6      4.72%     33.86% |           4      3.15%     37.01% |           4      3.15%     40.16% |           6      4.72%     44.88% |           3      2.36%     47.24% |           6      4.72%     51.97% |           3      2.36%     54.33% |           2      1.57%     55.91% |           4      3.15%     59.06% |           6      4.72%     63.78% |           4      3.15%     66.93% |           3      2.36%     69.29% |           4      3.15%     72.44% |           7      5.51%     77.95% |           3      2.36%     80.31% |           3      2.36%     82.68% |           3      2.36%     85.04% |           4      3.15%     88.19% |           4      3.15%     91.34% |           3      2.36%     93.70% |           2      1.57%     95.28% |           4      3.15%     98.43% |           2      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.98%      0.98% |          13      2.54%      3.52% |          11      2.15%      5.68% |          11      2.15%      7.83% |          12      2.35%     10.18% |          14      2.74%     12.92% |          16      3.13%     16.05% |          15      2.94%     18.98% |          17      3.33%     22.31% |          16      3.13%     25.44% |          19      3.72%     29.16% |          18      3.52%     32.68% |          17      3.33%     36.01% |          19      3.72%     39.73% |          20      3.91%     43.64% |          27      5.28%     48.92% |          19      3.72%     52.64% |          19      3.72%     56.36% |          15      2.94%     59.30% |          18      3.52%     62.82% |          20      3.91%     66.73% |          18      3.52%     70.25% |          16      3.13%     73.39% |          20      3.91%     77.30% |          19      3.72%     81.02% |          19      3.72%     84.74% |          17      3.33%     88.06% |          17      3.33%     91.39% |          17      3.33%     94.72% |          13      2.54%     97.26% |           6      1.17%     98.43% |           8      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          511                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2180     49.91%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |           0      0.00%     49.91% |        2188     50.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2579     15.43%     15.43% |         358      2.14%     17.58% |         373      2.23%     19.81% |         372      2.23%     22.03% |         379      2.27%     24.30% |         368      2.20%     26.51% |         379      2.27%     28.77% |         385      2.30%     31.08% |         370      2.21%     33.29% |         381      2.28%     35.57% |         408      2.44%     38.01% |         406      2.43%     40.44% |         412      2.47%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.80% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2599     15.55%     65.77% |         389      2.33%     68.10% |         387      2.32%     70.41% |         367      2.20%     72.61% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     76.99% |         371      2.22%     79.21% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.44%     86.21% |         413      2.47%     88.68% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          13     81.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5727      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.74% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.97% |        3831      3.09%     17.06% |        3815      3.08%     20.14% |        3812      3.07%     23.21% |        3808      3.07%     26.28% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.79% |        3808      3.07%     47.86% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3802      3.07%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.07%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3823      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.64% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3821      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124009                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         411      3.32%      3.32% |         358      2.89%      6.22% |         375      3.03%      9.25% |         371      3.00%     12.25% |         378      3.06%     15.31% |         365      2.95%     18.26% |         379      3.06%     21.32% |         386      3.12%     24.44% |         373      3.02%     27.46% |         383      3.10%     30.55% |         407      3.29%     33.85% |         404      3.27%     37.11% |         412      3.33%     40.44% |         407      3.29%     43.73% |         408      3.30%     47.03% |         405      3.27%     50.31% |         416      3.36%     53.67% |         390      3.15%     56.82% |         388      3.14%     59.96% |         370      2.99%     62.95% |         364      2.94%     65.90% |         370      2.99%     68.89% |         369      2.98%     71.87% |         367      2.97%     74.84% |         395      3.19%     78.03% |         406      3.28%     81.31% |         412      3.33%     84.65% |         379      3.06%     87.71% |         382      3.09%     90.80% |         382      3.09%     93.89% |         384      3.10%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4702      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150601                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60416     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12748      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13335      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12241      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15510      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14126      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13977      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13229      2.68%     61.48% |       14224      2.88%     64.36% |       14904      3.02%     67.37% |       15882      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13835      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13249      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16356      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2977     50.59%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |           0      0.00%     50.59% |        2907     49.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          50     24.51%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |         154     75.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          50     24.51%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |           0      0.00%     24.51% |         154     75.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          204                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2977     50.55%     50.55% |           1      0.02%     50.57% |           1      0.02%     50.59% |           1      0.02%     50.60% |           0      0.00%     50.60% |           0      0.00%     50.60% |           1      0.02%     50.62% |           0      0.00%     50.62% |           0      0.00%     50.62% |           1      0.02%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |           0      0.00%     50.64% |        2907     49.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5889                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       30213     14.00%     14.00% |      107930     50.00%     64.00% |        8652      4.01%     68.00% |        9295      4.31%     72.31% |       10053      4.66%     76.97% |        9776      4.53%     81.50% |        9046      4.19%     85.69% |       10382      4.81%     90.50% |       10349      4.79%     95.29% |       10164      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       215860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       30213     14.00%     14.00% |      107930     50.00%     64.00% |        8652      4.01%     68.00% |        9295      4.31%     72.31% |       10053      4.66%     76.97% |        9776      4.53%     81.50% |        9046      4.19%     85.69% |       10382      4.81%     90.50% |       10349      4.79%     95.29% |       10164      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       215860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       30213     14.00%     14.00% |      107930     50.00%     64.00% |        8652      4.01%     68.00% |        9295      4.31%     72.31% |       10053      4.66%     76.97% |        9776      4.53%     81.50% |        9046      4.19%     85.69% |       10382      4.81%     90.50% |       10349      4.79%     95.29% |       10164      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       215860                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       30213     14.00%     14.00% |      107930     50.00%     64.00% |        8652      4.01%     68.00% |        9295      4.31%     72.31% |       10053      4.66%     76.97% |        9776      4.53%     81.50% |        9046      4.19%     85.69% |       10382      4.81%     90.50% |       10349      4.79%     95.29% |       10164      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       215860                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
