
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153824037000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329992115500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  42671                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81273                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101819201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4097760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1510.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64465269                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122784004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25324352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25324352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21443200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21443200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       395693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             395693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            335050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164631955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164631955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139400840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139400840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    304032796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           304032796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     395694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    335050                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   395694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  335050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25323456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21442944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25324416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21443200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            25012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            25053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   160077                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    17029                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153823773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               395694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              335050                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                164418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  50237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  51249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  51719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  53376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  23507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  39334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       237641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.789746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.490797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   148.374932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        82569     34.75%     34.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        64867     27.30%     62.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71280     29.99%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9576      4.03%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4804      2.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1945      0.82%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          964      0.41%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          695      0.29%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          941      0.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       237641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.950868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.964679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49756     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.732698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.107515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.560248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40032     80.44%     80.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1394      2.80%     83.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5984     12.02%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2354      4.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 69766597658                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            77185578908                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1978395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   176321.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              195071.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.46                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  284960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 208114                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210502.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122115523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              904138200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              892163160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              493329375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              486795375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1549626000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1536124200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1088154000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082613600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61117362225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60861487230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678860500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903312250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113878073100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113809098615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          740.344709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.896291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24519744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24519744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20681728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20681728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       383121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             383121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323152                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159401251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159401251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134450561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134450561                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293851812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293851812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     383121                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323152                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   383121                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323152                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24518784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20681536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24519744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20681728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   146152                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    16439                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153823282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               383121                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323152                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   1174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                150518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  49081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  50059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  51789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  22743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  37669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       207045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.303538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   172.554521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.969373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52380     25.30%     25.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        63190     30.52%     55.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71452     34.51%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9678      4.67%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5282      2.55%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2075      1.00%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1107      0.53%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          790      0.38%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1091      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       207045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.990947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.633543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        47935     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        47941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.740556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.108365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.580014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38346     79.99%     79.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1602      3.34%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5594     11.67%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2399      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        47941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 65077662939                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            72260900439                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1915530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   169868.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              188618.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.43                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  282839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 216362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217795.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121638949750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              788923800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              776192760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              430464375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              423517875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1501102200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486633200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049889600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1043785440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60084978795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59609644965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584457750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001417250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113486419320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113387794290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.798505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          737.157324                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24519680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24519680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20683200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20683200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       383120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             383120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159400835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159400835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134460130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134460130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293860965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293860965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     383120                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323175                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   383120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323175                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24518528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20683072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24519680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20683200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                   143869                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    16837                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153823209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               383120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323175                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1046                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                148339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  49266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  50338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  22106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  37589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       205897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.529415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.904252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.784130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51042     24.79%     24.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62604     30.41%     55.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72080     35.01%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9674      4.70%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5452      2.65%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2108      1.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1061      0.52%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          770      0.37%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1106      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       205897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.980148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.677237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48000     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.731929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.105013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.562238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38383     79.95%     79.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1682      3.50%     83.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5542     11.54%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2399      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 64650744877                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            71833907377                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1915510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   168755.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              187505.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  282978                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 217389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               67.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217788.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27139102750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121542239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              783654480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              772760520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              427589250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              421645125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501266000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486446000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049889600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1043940960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59662501065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59200403490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955050000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360398750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113426553195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113332197645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          737.409321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.795896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24499328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24499328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20681216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20681216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323144                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159268528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159268528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134447232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134447232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293715760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293715760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382802                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323144                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24498688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20681088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24499328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20681216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   141535                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    16596                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153822913500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382802                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  1179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  1025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  2149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                145985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  49385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  50380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  22114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  37150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       204635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.776935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   175.249565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.790174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49731     24.30%     24.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62691     30.64%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72066     35.22%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9841      4.81%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5285      2.58%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2063      1.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1080      0.53%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          742      0.36%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1136      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       204635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.969271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.062222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48027     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.727500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.101982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.559625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38415     79.98%     79.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1724      3.59%     83.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5480     11.41%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2414      5.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 64325600734                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            71502950734                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   168043.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              186793.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  282842                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 218446                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217896.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   71.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225451250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122455926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              778339800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              768526920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              424689375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              419335125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499534400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485728400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049747040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1043856720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10046602800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59840498385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59294297025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798933000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278057000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113438344800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113336403990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          737.485813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.823075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13540506                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 43.583372                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                27.973920                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                82.526526                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13403328     98.99%     98.99% |      135476      1.00%     99.99% |        1676      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13540506                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43621448                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.133331                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.660266                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.278671                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41514655     95.17%     95.17% |     1421819      3.26%     98.43% |       36214      0.08%     98.51% |       39032      0.09%     98.60% |       36640      0.08%     98.69% |       54501      0.12%     98.81% |       95105      0.22%     99.03% |      273239      0.63%     99.66% |      150243      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43621448                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43621445                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              44.103791                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.776979                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            317.263254                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43258679     99.17%     99.17% |      321246      0.74%     99.90% |       35444      0.08%     99.99% |        5706      0.01%    100.00% |         369      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43621445                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41450313                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000134                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000116                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011718                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41444794     99.99%     99.99% |        5483      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41450313                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171132                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        828.837028                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       306.498173                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1172.294835                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1808366     83.29%     83.29% |      321246     14.80%     98.09% |       35444      1.63%     99.72% |        5706      0.26%     99.98% |         369      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171132                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         174036                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       174036                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         1226                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1132                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         1159                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles         1167                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26870662                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28183463                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14573654                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14700706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       473432                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46182                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       186441                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130425                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78027                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        15836                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45716                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15750                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45711                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        15892                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15605                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        15849                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        15676                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16030                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        15964                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        16013                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        15864                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45699                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        15828                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        16017                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        16194                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        16125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          372                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        16055                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        46080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        15887                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       118090                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        60406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47948                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64750                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61339                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12520                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47939                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62849                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47861                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        64010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47849                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58898                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10851                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47874                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14742                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        63003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21318939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21318939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     21558044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21318938                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8711304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8701186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21318938                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.069297                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9313463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9313463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9536688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9313463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4233100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4216215                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9313463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.030273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      6556438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      6556438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6740936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6556438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2396896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2390702                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      6556438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.021311                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      5499368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      5499368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5674905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5499368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2067652                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2062256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      5499368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.017876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      7815219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      7815219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8037494                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7815219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3296103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3286791                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      7815219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8319434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8319434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8602598                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8319434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3478171                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3466962                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8319434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.027042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9005649                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9005649                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9250477                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9005649                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3245523                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3236621                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9005649                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029273                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6101417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6101417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6329888                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6101417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2348137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2339313                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6101417                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3683628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3683628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781913                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3683628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1415364                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1412056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3683628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011974                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5025928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5025928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5175488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5025928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2114648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2109640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5025928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.016337                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4354052                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4354052                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4516612                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4354052                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1684348                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1679280                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4354052                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.014153                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4020053                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1466192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3908464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.012704                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      5458063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      5458063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5604547                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5458063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2245765                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2241003                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      5458063                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.017741                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      4392463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      4392463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4541373                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4392463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1680979                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676243                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      4392463                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014278                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2764159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2764159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2855193                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2764159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1081860                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1078463                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2764159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      4080632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      4080632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4237312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4080632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1597541                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1588780                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      4080632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013264                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      5241458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      5241458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5394574                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5241458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1982892                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1974490                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      5241458                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017037                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      4235759                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      4235759                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4391693                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4235759                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1650955                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1643579                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      4235759                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013768                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3834388                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3834388                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3927215                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3834388                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1453608                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1451376                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3834388                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012464                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2346961                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2346961                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2378749                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2346961                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       894756                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       894117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2346961                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007629                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1747378                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1747378                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1753559                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1747378                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       695106                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       695042                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1747378                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2378867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2378867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2386673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2378867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1008801                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1008555                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2378867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007732                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2150486                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       862132                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       861857                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006960                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1411248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1411248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1413778                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1411248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550517                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550452                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1411248                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1706716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1706716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1712495                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1706716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       648931                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       648876                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1706716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005548                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2356573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2356573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2364594                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2356573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       988312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       988017                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2356573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007660                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2100130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2100130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2109111                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2100130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       836378                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       836138                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2100130                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006826                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1431935                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1431935                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1434406                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1431935                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       557611                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       557567                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1431935                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004654                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7569228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7569228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7992559                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7569228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2783577                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2775312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7569228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.024604                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7837279                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7837279                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8160317                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7837279                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2876305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2869475                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7837279                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025475                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8101639                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8101639                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8597937                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8101639                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3013182                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3002675                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8101639                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.026334                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8324954                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8324954                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8764377                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8324954                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3100625                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3090990                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8324954                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.027060                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12967006     29.58%     29.58% |    28811746     65.72%     95.29% |     2062830      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43841582                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12967008     29.58%     29.58% |    28811747     65.72%     95.29% |     2062830      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43841585                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   485617551                       |   699213085                       |    46661590                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   535361416                       |   117780631                       |     2062830                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.450245                       |   24.268334                       |   22.620182                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   41.286432                       |    4.087938                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.089594                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    14.944827                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         43.034421                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002261                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.053505      7.68%      7.68% |    0.053394      7.67%     15.35% |    0.051999      7.47%     22.82% |    0.052016      7.47%     30.29% |    0.112924     16.22%     46.51% |    0.112872     16.21%     62.72% |    0.112815     16.20%     78.92% |    0.112756     16.19%     95.12% |    0.008495      1.22%     96.34% |    0.008496      1.22%     97.56% |    0.008498      1.22%     98.78% |    0.008497      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.696266                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017305                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027823                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000872                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000871                       |    0.000873                       |    0.000872                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004523                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002074                       |    0.002063                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002043                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002055                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002076                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007712                       |    0.007466                       |    0.007466                       |    0.007459                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000442                       |    0.001008                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000038                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000035                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000034                       |    0.000036                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001256                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002149                       |    0.000034                       |    0.002335                       |    0.004642                       |    0.001924                       |           0                       |    0.002276                       |    0.006846                       |           0                       |    0.005083                       |    0.007854                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000036                       |    0.005341                       |    0.003623                       |    0.009280                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002125                       |    0.000038                       |    0.007785                       |    0.004261                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.008599                       |    0.004880                       |    0.003145                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002185                       |    0.000035                       |    0.004662                       |    0.002299                       |    0.002634                       |           0                       |    0.002213                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |    0.001258                       |           0                       |    0.002249                       |           0                       |    0.001202                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002164                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002139                       |    0.000035                       |    0.001807                       |    0.003885                       |    0.004620                       |    0.002961                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000036                       |    0.004768                       |    0.008025                       |    0.006003                       |    0.003560                       |    0.027712                       |    0.003983                       |    0.000442                       |    0.002736                       |    0.013616                       |    0.016968                       |    0.003838                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002245                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002721                       |    0.006627                       |    0.013829                       |    0.003842                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002112                       |    0.000038                       |    0.006969                       |    0.005293                       |    0.007844                       |    0.003896                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000036                       |    0.002778                       |    0.004625                       |    0.003859                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |           0                       |    0.001173                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002139                       |           0                       |    0.002257                       |           0                       |    0.000474                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002091                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002183                       |    0.000034                       |    0.001327                       |    0.002333                       |    0.004678                       |    0.002709                       |           0                       |    0.002410                       |    0.006610                       |           0                       |    0.001702                       |    0.005081                       |    0.007819                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002078                       |    0.000036                       |    0.014598                       |    0.005337                       |    0.003578                       |    0.002757                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002085                       |    0.000038                       |    0.002087                       |    0.007763                       |    0.004218                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |    0.008639                       |    0.004873                       |    0.002077                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000034                       |    0.002254                       |    0.004594                       |    0.002295                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.002205                       |           0                       |    0.000436                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.000326                       |    0.002061                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002117                       |    0.000033                       |    0.000994                       |    0.000435                       |    0.004516                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000033                       |    0.003020                       |    0.001320                       |    0.005881                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002164                       |    0.000034                       |    0.006985                       |    0.003135                       |    0.003829                       |    0.000890                       |    0.002157                       |    0.000036                       |    0.000906                       |    0.005450                       |    0.004330                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004244                       |    0.001370                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.000992                       |    0.004001                       |    0.000435                       |           0                       |    0.002228                       |           0                       |    0.000327                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.696266                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14463029                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14463029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11815082                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11160320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.458253                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          570026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29679                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14648635                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95048                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22425887                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188692                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14743683                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22614579                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37074522                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283740                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37358262                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14707891                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14717987                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14707891                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14717987                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300821419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47145017                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76031785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14463029                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11730346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247576483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       372759                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348728                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14707286                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296560239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.704526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265866260     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5805689      1.96%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1710416      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1353583      0.46%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4951304      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5249327      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1183508      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614664      0.21%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9825488      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296560239                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048078                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.252747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28196771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243796224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17706663                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6099758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141336985                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30916476                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151371389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16931804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20789307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75790440                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138035227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2687959                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150365059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311266897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    186954612                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132682658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41428308                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7839194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22985946                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1006019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       769976                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135215495                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       571619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139358568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294463                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296560239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239692292     80.82%     80.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22392133      7.55%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13679456      4.61%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8631898      2.91%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3414874      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3973917      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730167      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562270      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483232      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296560239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123955      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954501     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324149     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504836      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101110972     72.55%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14865986     10.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22760700     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139358568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402605                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    576974388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148397260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130200284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140256309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1503037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341324                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2777                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10063                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075134                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8231060                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5600536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142714239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135787114                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7839194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22985946                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       562526                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          98622                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10063                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776076                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138057869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14638012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37102987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12108414                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22464975                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.458936                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130341482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130200304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          77916498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112011070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.432816                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930091                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       429721                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707746                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294333280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.205705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245281559     83.33%     83.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19158521      6.51%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10976881      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10784209      3.66%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2235110      0.76%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       497690      0.17%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390324      0.81%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523631      0.18%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2485355      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294333280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64465268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122784001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28408677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6497866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11402542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122211387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       487956                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94044102     76.59%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6497866      5.29%     82.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21910811     17.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122784001                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2485355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427353862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273667677                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4261180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64465268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122784001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.666411                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.666411                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190405946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95033034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60429035                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45325193                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61849346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2393356500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2393356500.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6240562                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        64.504080                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.236884                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      117.672756                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6103384     97.80%     97.80% |      135476      2.17%     99.97% |        1676      0.03%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6240562                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7278358                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.707793                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.543973                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.078258                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7271425     99.90%     99.90% |        6740      0.09%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7278358                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         21586                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.638794                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.207745                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.658808                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         728      3.37%      3.37% |        2555     11.84%     15.21% |        9550     44.24%     59.45% |        4971     23.03%     82.48% |        3483     16.14%     98.61% |         247      1.14%     99.76% |          49      0.23%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           21586                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6148738                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.629513                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.185752                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         442.650339                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5986554     97.36%     97.36% |       62300      1.01%     98.38% |       57903      0.94%     99.32% |       28924      0.47%     99.79% |        9046      0.15%     99.93% |        2458      0.04%     99.97% |        1103      0.02%     99.99% |         407      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6148738                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5700402                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000550                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025241                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5696768     99.94%     99.94% |        3634      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5700402                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448336                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1012.789428                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    288.371901                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1319.812230                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      286152     63.83%     63.83% |       62300     13.90%     77.72% |       57903     12.92%     90.64% |       28924      6.45%     97.09% |        9046      2.02%     99.11% |        2458      0.55%     99.65% |        1103      0.25%     99.90% |         407      0.09%     99.99% |          39      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448336                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22445614                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           62.082173                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.188382                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         374.334081                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22182806     98.83%     98.83% |      234356      1.04%     99.87% |       23929      0.11%     99.98% |        4196      0.02%    100.00% |         326      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22445614                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20878009                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000088                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000075                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009679                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20876226     99.99%     99.99% |        1747      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20878009                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567605                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     848.961723                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    356.510404                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1157.891487                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1304797     83.24%     83.24% |      234356     14.95%     98.19% |       23929      1.53%     99.71% |        4196      0.27%     99.98% |         326      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567605                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14700704                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.760452                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085524                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.306350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14700596    100.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14700704                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14573654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14573652    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14573654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.990335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.561119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    99.238284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126942     99.91%     99.91% |          38      0.03%     99.94% |          38      0.03%     99.97% |          22      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.109566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    39.901207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324960     99.96%     99.96% |         118      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296870     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.334365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.302110                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    90.965461                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27990     99.56%     99.56% |         118      0.42%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13021                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3411698                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       122877                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    22682                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18508                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    22617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    22593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    18561                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    22671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    18611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    22637                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   22607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   18573                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   22603                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   18498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   22642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18484                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   22600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   18553                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   22727                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   18528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   22669                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   18511                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   22590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   18514                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   22625                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   18435                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   22571                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   18543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   22552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   18525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   22504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   18513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2260                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2739                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  2769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  2773                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2734                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  2284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  2776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2215                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  2649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  2240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  2786                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  2751                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  2805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  2225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  2824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  2872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  2255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    14336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    11952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    14279                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    11840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    14404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    12031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    14138                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    11790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    14390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    12008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   14121                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   11845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   14572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   12216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   14524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   12141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   14675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   12203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   14392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   12124                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   14336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   11991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   14640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   12185                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   14770                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   12409                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   14723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   12263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   14642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   12184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   14495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   12024                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               25376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               20768                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1354303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140088967928635                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140088968152350                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1069134                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1351398                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31899840                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                32141013                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31886480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                32207754                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                31916816                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               32166471                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31895833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               32241549                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               31971640                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               32229199                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31956825                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               32257001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31966411                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               32202616                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31931203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               32202987                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31891341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               32224349                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31917035                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               32265882                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               32032576                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               32259311                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31959277                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               32200042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               31904836                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               32184656                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31925424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                    7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   7328                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                   5280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 18048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 6418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 4679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 6392                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 4708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6418                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 4735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 6450                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 4708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 6439                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 4717                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                6412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                4713                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                6411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                4684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                4698                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                6394                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                4721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                4688                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                6410                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                4706                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                6413                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits                4723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6399                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                4685                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                6350                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                4718                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                6360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                4696                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                6319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits                4732                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                936                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                572                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                910                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                545                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                878                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                572                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                889                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                563                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               567                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               596                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               582                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               559                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               874                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               592                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses               918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               915                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               557                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               595                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               978                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               562                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               968                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               584                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              1009                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               548                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               16264                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               13829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               16225                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               16175                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               16221                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13903                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               16198                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               13781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              16195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              16192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              13814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              16229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              13786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits              16206                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              13832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits              16273                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              13840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              16259                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits              13805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits              16177                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              13791                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits              16226                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits              13750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              16221                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              13825                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              16192                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              13829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits              16185                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              13781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1659                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1823                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1588                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1662                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1585                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1850                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1707                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1628                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1702                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             1656                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             1775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1648                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1789                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             1683                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             1871                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1697                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1822                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1738                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             1827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1663                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1659                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             1863                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1707                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2486244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2114442                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2478031                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2114543                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2517180                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2122182                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2501276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2106163                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2502447                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2114297                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2491199                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2131187                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2522614                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2134266                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2527107                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2135128                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2524278                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               2129176                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2520180                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2138590                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               2517278                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2118491                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2508972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2137909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               2525236                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               2146154                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               2525977                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2135083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               2508645                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               2052013                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               2516377                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2113793                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2175189                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1806612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2160899                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1737937                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2175757                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1777497                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2193565                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1808737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               2126308                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1777369                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2210830                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1881002                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2222076                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1905397                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2278385                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1811934                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2226875                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1832252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              2271501                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1874157                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              2237728                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1835771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2229810                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1810060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              2199005                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              1927034                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              2230267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1830660                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              2215557                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              1618511                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              2246715                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1845528                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             297882                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            297536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            259008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2022049                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1882110                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2143734                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1989185                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2164817                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              1933568                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2117700                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1811821                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2250963                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              1906245                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2079997                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1749306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2012090                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1827548                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2063520                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             1924712                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2140492                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             1850652                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             1965261                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1847867                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             1989650                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             1850586                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2148744                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1939487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2149912                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             1802315                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2093161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2003005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2071161                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2072975                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2070116                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             1855373                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2175189                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1806612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2160899                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1737937                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2175757                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1777497                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2193565                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1808737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          2126308                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1777369                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2210830                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1881002                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2222076                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1905397                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2278385                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1811934                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2226875                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1832252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         2271501                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1874157                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         2237728                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1835771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2229810                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1810060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         2199005                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         1927034                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         2230267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1830660                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         2215557                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         1618511                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         2246715                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1845528                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        297367                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       297536                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       259008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1891087                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1682811                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1904561                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1697491                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1927071                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1705319                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1926070                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1670701                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1928505                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1694054                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1895975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1692292                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1887449                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1711502                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1922877                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1718885                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1948490                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        1702017                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1925267                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1708567                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        1894812                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1688708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1924298                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1728719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        1949999                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        1713524                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        1940725                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        1731309                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        1910888                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        1681892                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        1909548                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        1699290                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2458350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2098254                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2459435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2090579                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2498584                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2102426                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2473382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2081881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2488500                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2090015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2468755                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2106905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2494786                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2114031                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2503862                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2117561                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2501678                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           2105267                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2487637                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2115761                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           2485278                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2106350                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2490376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2123046                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           2508169                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           2121872                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           2507381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2122942                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           2490091                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           2042091                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           2493132                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2093558                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305493433                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305493429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305493435                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305493431                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305493440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305493436                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305493452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305493448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        305493457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        302962462                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        305493453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        302962458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        305493449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        302962464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        305493455                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        302962478                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        305493469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        302962474                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        305493465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        302962470                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        305493461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        302962466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        305493457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2474495                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2092750                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2471422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2105655                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2491026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2086702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2493530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2088876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2484852                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2100429                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2473493                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2121076                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2516033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2122065                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2486530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2121755                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2512363                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2117039                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2491165                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2127478                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2507587                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2107948                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2498052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2120368                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2512989                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2123991                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2521909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2126000                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2494253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2042891                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2499507                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2105165                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               461                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              451                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              455                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              462                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              363                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3771                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              3865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4093                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              3642                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              4099                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              3678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             3844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3941                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             3504                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             3994                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             3563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             3854                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             3485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             4085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             4179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             3711                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             3502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             3763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             3311                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             3846                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             3424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             3919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             3532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             4100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             3649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              1460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1301                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              911                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2              951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             1317                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2              959                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             1457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             1005                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2              985                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2              929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             1371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             1004                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          770950                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          634937                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          805233                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          606454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          801845                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          615432                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          782711                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          599417                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          829348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          630454                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         794963                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         602802                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         809957                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         623739                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         822463                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         631595                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles         845717                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles         628877                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles         759858                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         600922                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles         814726                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles         591591                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles         824438                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         625517                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles         832144                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles         678099                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles         832007                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         622921                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles         795255                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles         627073                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles         774072                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         630754                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      395667     25.61%     25.61% |      383121     24.80%     50.42% |      383120     24.80%     75.22% |      382802     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1544710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      329219     25.70%     25.70% |      317314     24.77%     50.46% |      317334     24.77%     75.23% |      317301     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      395693     25.62%     25.62% |      383121     24.80%     50.42% |      383120     24.80%     75.22% |      382802     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1544736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      335050     25.68%     25.68% |      323152     24.77%     50.46% |      323175     24.77%     75.23% |      323144     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       58256     25.24%     25.24% |       57615     24.97%     50.21% |       57594     24.96%     75.17% |       57309     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       230774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      395667     25.61%     25.61% |      383121     24.80%     50.42% |      383120     24.80%     75.22% |      382802     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1544710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328963     25.69%     25.69% |      317120     24.77%     50.46% |      317143     24.77%     75.23% |      317112     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280338                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       58256     25.24%     25.24% |       57615     24.97%     50.21% |       57594     24.96%     75.17% |       57309     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       230774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      395666     25.61%     25.61% |      383121     24.80%     50.42% |      383120     24.80%     75.22% |      382802     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1544709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328963     25.69%     25.69% |      317120     24.77%     50.46% |      317143     24.77%     75.23% |      317112     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280338                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5949834     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       12544      0.20%     96.94% |       12544      0.20%     97.14% |       12544      0.20%     97.35% |       12544      0.20%     97.55% |       12544      0.20%     97.76% |       12544      0.20%     97.96% |       12544      0.20%     98.16% |       12544      0.20%     98.37% |       12544      0.20%     98.57% |       12544      0.20%     98.78% |       12544      0.20%     98.98% |       12544      0.20%     99.18% |       12544      0.20%     99.39% |       12544      0.20%     99.59% |       12544      0.20%     99.80% |       12544      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6150552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14700754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14700754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22235811     97.64%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |       33538      0.15%     97.79% |       33545      0.15%     97.94% |       33541      0.15%     98.09% |       33542      0.15%     98.23% |       33542      0.15%     98.38% |       33540      0.15%     98.53% |       33538      0.15%     98.67% |       33543      0.15%     98.82% |       33543      0.15%     98.97% |       33541      0.15%     99.12% |       33539      0.15%     99.26% |       33539      0.15%     99.41% |       33542      0.15%     99.56% |       33542      0.15%     99.71% |       33543      0.15%     99.85% |       33539      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22772468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19214     89.21%     89.21% |          14      0.06%     89.27% |         211      0.98%     90.25% |         162      0.75%     91.00% |          86      0.40%     91.40% |          64      0.30%     91.70% |          57      0.26%     91.96% |         163      0.76%     92.72% |         173      0.80%     93.52% |         200      0.93%     94.45% |         247      1.15%     95.60% |         172      0.80%     96.40% |         216      1.00%     97.40% |         113      0.52%     97.92% |         143      0.66%     98.59% |          49      0.23%     98.82% |         191      0.89%     99.70% |          64      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434024     66.48%     66.48% |           0      0.00%     66.48% |       45194      2.10%     68.57% |       45207      2.10%     70.67% |       45203      2.10%     72.76% |       45197      2.10%     74.86% |       45202      2.10%     76.95% |       45179      2.09%     79.05% |       45198      2.10%     81.14% |       45204      2.10%     83.24% |       45191      2.09%     85.33% |       45191      2.09%     87.43% |       45195      2.10%     89.52% |       45186      2.09%     91.62% |       45191      2.09%     93.71% |       45201      2.10%     95.81% |       45198      2.10%     97.91% |       45188      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2157149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     16.00%     16.00% |           4     16.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           4     16.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      4.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           8     32.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           4     18.18%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           2      9.09%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           5     22.73%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           6     27.27%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      248085     55.69%     55.69% |          12      0.00%     55.69% |       12333      2.77%     58.46% |       12339      2.77%     61.23% |       12338      2.77%     64.00% |       12339      2.77%     66.77% |       12337      2.77%     69.54% |       12333      2.77%     72.31% |       12334      2.77%     75.08% |       12334      2.77%     77.85% |       12336      2.77%     80.61% |       12340      2.77%     83.38% |       12339      2.77%     86.15% |       12329      2.77%     88.92% |       12339      2.77%     91.69% |       12339      2.77%     94.46% |       12339      2.77%     97.23% |       12331      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           4     18.18%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           2      9.09%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           5     22.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           4     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191749     69.06%     69.06% |           0      0.00%     69.06% |       33369      1.93%     71.00% |       33376      1.93%     72.93% |       33373      1.93%     74.86% |       33367      1.93%     76.80% |       33370      1.93%     78.73% |       33358      1.93%     80.66% |       33365      1.93%     82.60% |       33371      1.93%     84.53% |       33366      1.93%     86.47% |       33363      1.93%     88.40% |       33360      1.93%     90.33% |       33363      1.93%     92.27% |       33362      1.93%     94.20% |       33371      1.93%     96.13% |       33368      1.93%     98.07% |       33367      1.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307263     64.45%     64.45% |           0      0.00%     64.45% |       44979      2.22%     66.67% |       45038      2.22%     68.89% |       45114      2.22%     71.12% |       45146      2.23%     73.34% |       45144      2.23%     75.57% |       45061      2.22%     77.79% |       45016      2.22%     80.01% |       44997      2.22%     82.23% |       44948      2.22%     84.45% |       45019      2.22%     86.66% |       44971      2.22%     88.88% |       45072      2.22%     91.10% |       45045      2.22%     93.33% |       45150      2.23%     95.55% |       45067      2.22%     97.77% |       45155      2.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2028185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250057     55.88%     55.88% |          14      0.00%     55.88% |       12338      2.76%     58.64% |       12340      2.76%     61.40% |       12338      2.76%     64.16% |       12339      2.76%     66.91% |       12339      2.76%     69.67% |       12333      2.76%     72.43% |       12336      2.76%     75.18% |       12339      2.76%     77.94% |       12338      2.76%     80.70% |       12340      2.76%     83.46% |       12339      2.76%     86.21% |       12333      2.76%     88.97% |       12340      2.76%     91.73% |       12339      2.76%     94.49% |       12339      2.76%     97.24% |       12335      2.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061826     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |       33368      2.09%     68.63% |       33376      2.09%     70.73% |       33373      2.09%     72.82% |       33367      2.09%     74.91% |       33370      2.09%     77.00% |       33358      2.09%     79.09% |       33365      2.09%     81.18% |       33371      2.09%     83.27% |       33364      2.09%     85.36% |       33363      2.09%     87.45% |       33360      2.09%     89.55% |       33363      2.09%     91.64% |       33361      2.09%     93.73% |       33371      2.09%     95.82% |       33368      2.09%     97.91% |       33365      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11165     99.59%     99.59% |           0      0.00%     99.59% |           6      0.05%     99.64% |           5      0.04%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           4      0.04%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           2      0.02%     99.74% |          10      0.09%     99.83% |           2      0.02%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.04%     99.88% |           2      0.02%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           6      0.05%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1766     45.57%     45.57% |           0      0.00%     45.57% |         209      5.39%     50.97% |         161      4.15%     55.12% |          85      2.19%     57.32% |          48      1.24%     58.55% |          49      1.26%     59.82% |         118      3.05%     62.86% |         171      4.41%     67.28% |         191      4.93%     72.21% |         240      6.19%     78.40% |         172      4.44%     82.84% |         216      5.57%     88.41% |         108      2.79%     91.20% |         142      3.66%     94.86% |          48      1.24%     96.10% |         123      3.17%     99.28% |          28      0.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14573654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14573654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5445     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124376     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           6      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2576647     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |         206      0.01%     99.88% |         204      0.01%     99.89% |         206      0.01%     99.90% |         205      0.01%     99.90% |         205      0.01%     99.91% |         211      0.01%     99.92% |         208      0.01%     99.93% |         205      0.01%     99.94% |         206      0.01%     99.94% |         204      0.01%     99.95% |         205      0.01%     99.96% |         211      0.01%     99.97% |         204      0.01%     99.98% |         205      0.01%     99.98% |         205      0.01%     99.99% |         209      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2579946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59005    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2431     91.08%     91.08% |          12      0.45%     91.53% |          20      0.75%     92.28% |           0      0.00%     92.28% |           9      0.34%     92.62% |           7      0.26%     92.88% |          20      0.75%     93.63% |          15      0.56%     94.19% |           0      0.00%     94.19% |          47      1.76%     95.95% |          29      1.09%     97.04% |           8      0.30%     97.34% |           1      0.04%     97.38% |          42      1.57%     98.95% |           1      0.04%     98.99% |           0      0.00%     98.99% |          10      0.37%     99.36% |          17      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186560     48.64%     48.64% |           0      0.00%     48.64% |       12311      3.21%     51.84% |       12334      3.22%     55.06% |       12329      3.21%     58.27% |       12322      3.21%     61.49% |       12307      3.21%     64.70% |       12318      3.21%     67.91% |       12316      3.21%     71.12% |       12264      3.20%     74.31% |       12306      3.21%     77.52% |       12318      3.21%     80.73% |       12338      3.22%     83.95% |       12281      3.20%     87.15% |       12335      3.22%     90.37% |       12338      3.22%     93.58% |       12307      3.21%     96.79% |       12305      3.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           4     21.05%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           2     10.53%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           5     26.32%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           0      0.00%     68.42% |           5     26.32%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2968138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2968138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21114554     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         167      0.00%     99.99% |         160      0.00%     99.99% |         161      0.00%     99.99% |         168      0.00%     99.99% |         166      0.00%     99.99% |         176      0.00%     99.99% |         170      0.00%     99.99% |         164      0.00%     99.99% |         172      0.00%     99.99% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21117252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         173      8.11%      8.11% |           0      0.00%      8.11% |         185      8.67%     16.78% |         157      7.36%     24.14% |          76      3.56%     27.71% |          41      1.92%     29.63% |          32      1.50%     31.13% |         103      4.83%     35.96% |         171      8.02%     43.98% |         143      6.70%     50.68% |         209      9.80%     60.48% |         164      7.69%     68.17% |         215     10.08%     78.25% |          66      3.09%     81.34% |         140      6.56%     87.90% |          48      2.25%     90.15% |         169      7.92%     98.08% |          41      1.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         2133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120703     68.14%     68.14% |           0      0.00%     68.14% |       32668      1.99%     70.13% |       32704      1.99%     72.12% |       32785      1.99%     74.11% |       32824      2.00%     76.11% |       32837      2.00%     78.11% |       32743      1.99%     80.10% |       32700      1.99%     82.08% |       32733      1.99%     84.08% |       32642      1.98%     86.06% |       32701      1.99%     88.05% |       32633      1.98%     90.03% |       32791      1.99%     92.03% |       32710      1.99%     94.02% |       32812      2.00%     96.01% |       32760      1.99%     98.00% |       32850      2.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1644596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     16.00%     16.00% |           4     16.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           4     16.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      4.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           8     32.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      248085     55.69%     55.69% |          12      0.00%     55.69% |       12333      2.77%     58.46% |       12339      2.77%     61.23% |       12338      2.77%     64.00% |       12339      2.77%     66.77% |       12337      2.77%     69.54% |       12333      2.77%     72.31% |       12334      2.77%     75.08% |       12334      2.77%     77.85% |       12336      2.77%     80.61% |       12340      2.77%     83.38% |       12339      2.77%     86.15% |       12329      2.77%     88.92% |       12339      2.77%     91.69% |       12339      2.77%     94.46% |       12339      2.77%     97.23% |       12331      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           4     18.18%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           2      9.09%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           2      9.09%     50.00% |           5     22.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           4     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129882    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     21.31%     21.31% |           0      0.00%     21.31% |           0      0.00%     21.31% |           3      4.92%     26.23% |           4      6.56%     32.79% |           3      4.92%     37.70% |           5      8.20%     45.90% |           0      0.00%     45.90% |           9     14.75%     60.66% |           6      9.84%     70.49% |           1      1.64%     72.13% |           0      0.00%     72.13% |           8     13.11%     85.25% |           2      3.28%     88.52% |           1      1.64%     90.16% |           3      4.92%     95.08% |           3      4.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061867     66.54%     66.54% |           0      0.00%     66.54% |       33368      2.09%     68.64% |       33376      2.09%     70.73% |       33373      2.09%     72.82% |       33367      2.09%     74.91% |       33370      2.09%     77.00% |       33358      2.09%     79.09% |       33365      2.09%     81.18% |       33371      2.09%     83.27% |       33364      2.09%     85.36% |       33363      2.09%     87.45% |       33360      2.09%     89.55% |       33363      2.09%     91.64% |       33361      2.09%     93.73% |       33371      2.09%     95.82% |       33368      2.09%     97.91% |       33365      2.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     79.35%     79.35% |           0      0.00%     79.35% |           3      0.65%     80.00% |           9      1.94%     81.94% |           7      1.51%     83.44% |           7      1.51%     84.95% |           6      1.29%     86.24% |           6      1.29%     87.53% |           3      0.65%     88.17% |           8      1.72%     89.89% |           7      1.51%     91.40% |           6      1.29%     92.69% |           4      0.86%     93.55% |           5      1.08%     94.62% |           7      1.51%     96.13% |           7      1.51%     97.63% |           8      1.72%     99.35% |           3      0.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.27%      1.27% |          16     20.25%     21.52% |           1      1.27%     22.78% |          45     56.96%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           7      8.86%     88.61% |           0      0.00%     88.61% |           0      0.00%     88.61% |           1      1.27%     89.87% |           0      0.00%     89.87% |           1      1.27%     91.14% |           6      7.59%     98.73% |           1      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307263     64.46%     64.46% |           0      0.00%     64.46% |       44979      2.22%     66.68% |       45038      2.22%     68.90% |       45113      2.22%     71.12% |       45130      2.23%     73.35% |       45143      2.23%     75.57% |       45016      2.22%     77.79% |       45016      2.22%     80.01% |       44997      2.22%     82.23% |       44941      2.22%     84.45% |       45019      2.22%     86.66% |       44971      2.22%     88.88% |       45071      2.22%     91.10% |       45045      2.22%     93.33% |       45149      2.23%     95.55% |       45060      2.22%     97.77% |       45154      2.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2028105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.25%      1.25% |          16     20.00%     21.25% |           1      1.25%     22.50% |          45     56.25%     78.75% |           0      0.00%     78.75% |           0      0.00%     78.75% |           7      8.75%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      1.25%     88.75% |           0      0.00%     88.75% |           1      1.25%     90.00% |           7      8.75%     98.75% |           1      1.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3656      2.88%     14.47% |        4076      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3395      2.67%     23.37% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3926      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.24% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4269      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3751      2.95%     58.96% |        3433      2.70%     61.66% |        3174      2.50%     64.16% |        3787      2.98%     67.14% |        3595      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3357      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.05% |        4094      3.22%     88.28% |        5237      4.12%     92.40% |        5177      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127091                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108429     24.18%     24.18% |       13893      3.10%     27.28% |       11549      2.58%     29.86% |       12345      2.75%     32.61% |       11509      2.57%     35.18% |       10997      2.45%     37.63% |        9744      2.17%     39.80% |        9746      2.17%     41.98% |       11593      2.59%     44.56% |       10344      2.31%     46.87% |       13083      2.92%     49.79% |       12121      2.70%     52.49% |       10165      2.27%     54.76% |        9937      2.22%     56.98% |        9406      2.10%     59.07% |        9733      2.17%     61.24% |       10784      2.41%     63.65% |       10132      2.26%     65.91% |       10380      2.32%     68.23% |       10722      2.39%     70.62% |       10639      2.37%     72.99% |       11086      2.47%     75.46% |       12429      2.77%     78.23% |        9976      2.23%     80.46% |       10125      2.26%     82.72% |       10779      2.40%     85.12% |        9999      2.23%     87.35% |        9746      2.17%     89.53% |       11159      2.49%     92.01% |       10214      2.28%     94.29% |       11950      2.67%     96.96% |       13640      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66154      4.15%      4.15% |       50421      3.16%      7.31% |       47234      2.96%     10.27% |       46168      2.89%     13.16% |       46348      2.90%     16.06% |       46461      2.91%     18.97% |       45303      2.84%     21.81% |       45591      2.86%     24.67% |       47428      2.97%     27.64% |       47400      2.97%     30.61% |       47606      2.98%     33.60% |       48111      3.01%     36.61% |       46723      2.93%     39.54% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48105      3.01%     51.40% |       48414      3.03%     54.43% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.83% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50907      3.19%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595766                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172376      8.50%      8.50% |       63884      3.15%     11.65% |       58373      2.88%     14.53% |       58093      2.86%     17.39% |       57416      2.83%     20.22% |       56108      2.77%     22.99% |       54638      2.69%     25.68% |       54931      2.71%     28.39% |       58592      2.89%     31.28% |       57347      2.83%     34.11% |       60249      2.97%     37.08% |       59835      2.95%     40.03% |       56487      2.79%     42.81% |       56421      2.78%     45.60% |       56077      2.76%     48.36% |       56492      2.79%     51.15% |       58482      2.88%     54.03% |       58132      2.87%     56.90% |       59510      2.93%     59.83% |       60492      2.98%     62.81% |       60527      2.98%     65.80% |       62710      3.09%     68.89% |       63937      3.15%     72.04% |       60162      2.97%     75.01% |       60607      2.99%     78.00% |       62084      3.06%     81.06% |       60409      2.98%     84.04% |       61036      3.01%     87.05% |       63706      3.14%     90.19% |       61528      3.03%     93.22% |       69641      3.43%     96.66% |       67827      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2028109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           4      3.39%      3.39% |           4      3.39%      6.78% |           7      5.93%     12.71% |           5      4.24%     16.95% |           4      3.39%     20.34% |           6      5.08%     25.42% |           4      3.39%     28.81% |           4      3.39%     32.20% |           8      6.78%     38.98% |           1      0.85%     39.83% |           5      4.24%     44.07% |           3      2.54%     46.61% |           2      1.69%     48.31% |           2      1.69%     50.00% |           3      2.54%     52.54% |           4      3.39%     55.93% |           4      3.39%     59.32% |           7      5.93%     65.25% |           2      1.69%     66.95% |           4      3.39%     70.34% |           1      0.85%     71.19% |           5      4.24%     75.42% |           5      4.24%     79.66% |           2      1.69%     81.36% |           2      1.69%     83.05% |           2      1.69%     84.75% |           4      3.39%     88.14% |           0      0.00%     88.14% |           4      3.39%     91.53% |           2      1.69%     93.22% |           5      4.24%     97.46% |           3      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51429      4.02%      4.02% |       39565      3.10%      7.12% |       39586      3.10%     10.22% |       39582      3.10%     13.31% |       39556      3.09%     16.41% |       39566      3.10%     19.50% |       39574      3.10%     22.60% |       39576      3.10%     25.69% |       39570      3.10%     28.79% |       39574      3.10%     31.89% |       39568      3.10%     34.98% |       39580      3.10%     38.08% |       39551      3.09%     41.17% |       39561      3.10%     44.27% |       39563      3.10%     47.36% |       39549      3.09%     50.46% |       39585      3.10%     53.55% |       39573      3.10%     56.65% |       39579      3.10%     59.75% |       39576      3.10%     62.84% |       39559      3.09%     65.94% |       39581      3.10%     69.03% |       39576      3.10%     72.13% |       39574      3.10%     75.23% |       39574      3.10%     78.32% |       39593      3.10%     81.42% |       39588      3.10%     84.52% |       39582      3.10%     87.61% |       39587      3.10%     90.71% |       39574      3.10%     93.81% |       39578      3.10%     96.90% |       39576      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1278205                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7813      3.35%      3.35% |        7283      3.13%      6.48% |        7271      3.12%      9.60% |        7235      3.11%     12.71% |        7280      3.13%     15.84% |        7219      3.10%     18.94% |        7237      3.11%     22.04% |        7250      3.11%     25.16% |        7327      3.15%     28.30% |        7260      3.12%     31.42% |        7333      3.15%     34.57% |        7305      3.14%     37.70% |        7371      3.16%     40.87% |        7304      3.14%     44.00% |        7329      3.15%     47.15% |        7236      3.11%     50.26% |        7270      3.12%     53.38% |        7296      3.13%     56.51% |        7309      3.14%     59.65% |        7237      3.11%     62.76% |        7235      3.11%     65.86% |        7234      3.11%     68.97% |        7211      3.10%     72.07% |        7190      3.09%     75.15% |        7298      3.13%     78.29% |        7322      3.14%     81.43% |        7247      3.11%     84.54% |        7167      3.08%     87.62% |        7214      3.10%     90.72% |        7230      3.10%     93.82% |        7188      3.09%     96.91% |        7206      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       232907                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       60358      3.91%      3.91% |       47898      3.10%      7.01% |       47905      3.10%     10.11% |       47865      3.10%     13.21% |       47882      3.10%     16.31% |       47832      3.10%     19.40% |       47859      3.10%     22.50% |       47874      3.10%     25.60% |       47945      3.10%     28.71% |       47882      3.10%     31.81% |       47948      3.10%     34.91% |       47932      3.10%     38.01% |       47970      3.11%     41.12% |       47912      3.10%     44.22% |       47939      3.10%     47.32% |       47832      3.10%     50.42% |       47902      3.10%     53.52% |       47917      3.10%     56.62% |       47935      3.10%     59.73% |       47861      3.10%     62.82% |       47842      3.10%     65.92% |       47864      3.10%     69.02% |       47835      3.10%     72.12% |       47811      3.10%     75.21% |       47919      3.10%     78.31% |       47964      3.11%     81.42% |       47884      3.10%     84.52% |       47796      3.09%     87.61% |       47848      3.10%     90.71% |       47852      3.10%     93.81% |       47815      3.10%     96.90% |       47831      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1544709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       59334      3.92%      3.92% |       46874      3.10%      7.02% |       46881      3.10%     10.13% |       46841      3.10%     13.22% |       46858      3.10%     16.32% |       46808      3.10%     19.42% |       46835      3.10%     22.52% |       46850      3.10%     25.61% |       46921      3.10%     28.72% |       46858      3.10%     31.82% |       46924      3.10%     34.92% |       46908      3.10%     38.02% |       46946      3.11%     41.13% |       46888      3.10%     44.23% |       46915      3.10%     47.33% |       46808      3.10%     50.43% |       46878      3.10%     53.53% |       46893      3.10%     56.63% |       46911      3.10%     59.73% |       46837      3.10%     62.83% |       46818      3.10%     65.93% |       46840      3.10%     69.03% |       46811      3.10%     72.12% |       46787      3.09%     75.22% |       46895      3.10%     78.32% |       46940      3.10%     81.42% |       46860      3.10%     84.52% |       46772      3.09%     87.62% |       46824      3.10%     90.71% |       46828      3.10%     93.81% |       46791      3.09%     96.90% |       46807      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1511941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         112      5.06%      5.06% |          58      2.62%      7.69% |          66      2.98%     10.67% |          61      2.76%     13.43% |          80      3.62%     17.04% |          81      3.66%     20.71% |          58      2.62%     23.33% |          60      2.71%     26.04% |          71      3.21%     29.25% |          59      2.67%     31.92% |          68      3.07%     34.99% |          65      2.94%     37.93% |          64      2.89%     40.82% |          63      2.85%     43.67% |          63      2.85%     46.52% |          63      2.85%     49.37% |          70      3.16%     52.53% |          71      3.21%     55.74% |          74      3.35%     59.09% |          72      3.25%     62.34% |          68      3.07%     65.42% |          76      3.44%     68.85% |          75      3.39%     72.24% |          71      3.21%     75.45% |          77      3.48%     78.93% |          65      2.94%     81.87% |          66      2.98%     84.86% |          64      2.89%     87.75% |          68      3.07%     90.82% |          67      3.03%     93.85% |          70      3.16%     97.02% |          66      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          23     92.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         667      3.46%      3.46% |         569      2.95%      6.40% |         547      2.83%      9.24% |         546      2.83%     12.07% |         586      3.04%     15.10% |         551      2.85%     17.96% |         585      3.03%     20.99% |         607      3.14%     24.13% |         641      3.32%     27.45% |         564      2.92%     30.38% |         633      3.28%     33.65% |         639      3.31%     36.97% |         699      3.62%     40.59% |         638      3.31%     43.89% |         661      3.42%     47.32% |         601      3.11%     50.43% |         610      3.16%     53.59% |         648      3.36%     56.95% |         640      3.32%     60.26% |         588      3.05%     63.31% |         578      2.99%     66.30% |         597      3.09%     69.40% |         564      2.92%     72.32% |         548      2.84%     75.16% |         630      3.26%     78.42% |         681      3.53%     81.95% |         622      3.22%     85.17% |         565      2.93%     88.10% |         573      2.97%     91.07% |         596      3.09%     94.16% |         572      2.96%     97.12% |         556      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        19302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172891      8.47%      8.47% |       64293      3.15%     11.62% |       58778      2.88%     14.50% |       58492      2.87%     17.36% |       57827      2.83%     20.20% |       56527      2.77%     22.97% |       55033      2.70%     25.66% |       55329      2.71%     28.37% |       59015      2.89%     31.26% |       57740      2.83%     34.09% |       60671      2.97%     37.07% |       60229      2.95%     40.02% |       56886      2.79%     42.80% |       56815      2.78%     45.59% |       56477      2.77%     48.35% |       56889      2.79%     51.14% |       58887      2.88%     54.03% |       58538      2.87%     56.89% |       59915      2.94%     59.83% |       60902      2.98%     62.81% |       60927      2.98%     65.80% |       63119      3.09%     68.89% |       64350      3.15%     72.04% |       60568      2.97%     75.01% |       61022      2.99%     78.00% |       62494      3.06%     81.06% |       60820      2.98%     84.04% |       61443      3.01%     87.05% |       64116      3.14%     90.19% |       61939      3.03%     93.23% |       70051      3.43%     96.66% |       68239      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.83%      6.10% |         464      2.79%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         466      2.80%     17.57% |         504      3.03%     20.61% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.08% |         487      2.93%     30.01% |         533      3.21%     33.22% |         566      3.41%     36.62% |         618      3.72%     40.34% |         561      3.38%     43.72% |         579      3.48%     47.20% |         523      3.15%     50.35% |         532      3.20%     53.55% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.36% |         510      3.07%     63.43% |         503      3.03%     66.46% |         521      3.14%     69.59% |         481      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.15% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       19042      8.05%      8.05% |        7098      3.00%     11.04% |        7100      3.00%     14.04% |        7053      2.98%     17.02% |        7019      2.97%     19.99% |        7009      2.96%     22.95% |        7016      2.96%     25.91% |        7010      2.96%     28.88% |        7049      2.98%     31.85% |        7051      2.98%     34.83% |        7086      2.99%     37.83% |        7008      2.96%     40.79% |        7013      2.96%     43.75% |        7013      2.96%     46.71% |        7019      2.97%     49.68% |        6979      2.95%     52.63% |        7018      2.97%     55.59% |        6997      2.96%     58.55% |        7024      2.97%     61.52% |        7006      2.96%     64.48% |        6999      2.96%     67.43% |        6989      2.95%     70.39% |        7015      2.96%     73.35% |        7002      2.96%     76.31% |        7026      2.97%     79.28% |        7027      2.97%     82.25% |        7003      2.96%     85.20% |        6981      2.95%     88.15% |        7023      2.97%     91.12% |        7005      2.96%     94.08% |        6976      2.95%     97.03% |        7035      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       236691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40774      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.28% |       40341      3.12%      9.40% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40352      3.12%     15.65% |       40357      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.90% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.27% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.13%     37.52% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.89% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.26% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.51% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           2      3.64%      3.64% |           2      3.64%      7.27% |           3      5.45%     12.73% |           2      3.64%     16.36% |           1      1.82%     18.18% |           2      3.64%     21.82% |           2      3.64%     25.45% |           2      3.64%     29.09% |           3      5.45%     34.55% |           1      1.82%     36.36% |           3      5.45%     41.82% |           1      1.82%     43.64% |           2      3.64%     47.27% |           0      0.00%     47.27% |           2      3.64%     50.91% |           1      1.82%     52.73% |           2      3.64%     56.36% |           4      7.27%     63.64% |           1      1.82%     65.45% |           2      3.64%     69.09% |           1      1.82%     70.91% |           2      3.64%     74.55% |           3      5.45%     80.00% |           1      1.82%     81.82% |           1      1.82%     83.64% |           1      1.82%     85.45% |           2      3.64%     89.09% |           0      0.00%     89.09% |           2      3.64%     92.73% |           1      1.82%     94.55% |           2      3.64%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         565      3.40%      3.40% |         470      2.83%      6.23% |         464      2.79%      9.02% |         465      2.80%     11.82% |         510      3.07%     14.89% |         467      2.81%     17.70% |         506      3.04%     20.74% |         528      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.13%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.04% |         563      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.04%     63.48% |         503      3.03%     66.50% |         520      3.13%     69.63% |         483      2.91%     72.54% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.92%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.27% |         487      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87701     42.00%     42.00% |        6774      3.24%     45.25% |        4444      2.13%     47.38% |        5267      2.52%     49.90% |        4478      2.14%     52.05% |        3069      1.47%     53.52% |        2714      1.30%     54.81% |        2728      1.31%     56.12% |        4538      2.17%     58.30% |        3289      1.58%     59.87% |        5979      2.86%     62.73% |        5110      2.45%     65.18% |        3150      1.51%     66.69% |        2922      1.40%     68.09% |        2365      1.13%     69.22% |        2749      1.32%     70.54% |        3764      1.80%     72.34% |        3127      1.50%     73.84% |        3304      1.58%     75.42% |        3716      1.78%     77.20% |        3640      1.74%     78.95% |        4079      1.95%     80.90% |        5403      2.59%     83.49% |        2971      1.42%     84.91% |        3089      1.48%     86.39% |        3747      1.79%     88.18% |        2994      1.43%     89.62% |        2760      1.32%     90.94% |        4134      1.98%     92.92% |        3208      1.54%     94.46% |        4972      2.38%     96.84% |        6603      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       208788                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25348      8.33%      8.33% |       10086      3.31%     11.65% |        6891      2.26%     13.91% |        5819      1.91%     15.82% |        5977      1.96%     17.79% |        6092      2.00%     19.79% |        4963      1.63%     21.42% |        5255      1.73%     23.15% |        7079      2.33%     25.47% |        7055      2.32%     27.79% |        7276      2.39%     30.18% |        7753      2.55%     32.73% |        6380      2.10%     34.83% |        6542      2.15%     36.98% |        6749      2.22%     39.20% |        6831      2.25%     41.44% |        7753      2.55%     43.99% |        8063      2.65%     46.64% |        9229      3.03%     49.67% |        9835      3.23%     52.91% |        9948      3.27%     56.17% |       11697      3.84%     60.02% |       11593      3.81%     63.83% |       10254      3.37%     67.20% |       10559      3.47%     70.67% |       11373      3.74%     74.41% |       10473      3.44%     77.85% |       11365      3.74%     81.58% |       12623      4.15%     85.73% |       11388      3.74%     89.48% |       17753      5.83%     95.31% |       14270      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304272                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51427      4.02%      4.02% |       39559      3.10%      7.12% |       39580      3.10%     10.22% |       39577      3.10%     13.31% |       39555      3.09%     16.41% |       39561      3.10%     19.50% |       39572      3.10%     22.60% |       39572      3.10%     25.69% |       39568      3.10%     28.79% |       39572      3.10%     31.89% |       39564      3.10%     34.98% |       39579      3.10%     38.08% |       39550      3.09%     41.17% |       39560      3.10%     44.27% |       39561      3.10%     47.36% |       39548      3.09%     50.46% |       39584      3.10%     53.55% |       39572      3.10%     56.65% |       39577      3.10%     59.75% |       39576      3.10%     62.84% |       39559      3.10%     65.94% |       39579      3.10%     69.03% |       39574      3.10%     72.13% |       39572      3.10%     75.23% |       39572      3.10%     78.32% |       39592      3.10%     81.42% |       39585      3.10%     84.52% |       39580      3.10%     87.61% |       39584      3.10%     90.71% |       39572      3.10%     93.81% |       39576      3.10%     96.90% |       39575      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1278134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        7090      3.35%      3.35% |        6662      3.15%      6.50% |        6664      3.15%      9.65% |        6633      3.14%     12.79% |        6615      3.13%     15.92% |        6593      3.12%     19.03% |        6596      3.12%     22.15% |        6587      3.11%     25.26% |        6616      3.13%     28.39% |        6639      3.14%     31.53% |        6636      3.14%     34.67% |        6602      3.12%     37.79% |        6609      3.12%     40.91% |        6604      3.12%     44.04% |        6607      3.12%     47.16% |        6573      3.11%     50.27% |        6591      3.12%     53.38% |        6578      3.11%     56.49% |        6597      3.12%     59.61% |        6577      3.11%     62.72% |        6589      3.12%     65.84% |        6563      3.10%     68.94% |        6574      3.11%     72.05% |        6573      3.11%     75.16% |        6593      3.12%     78.27% |        6577      3.11%     81.38% |        6562      3.10%     84.48% |        6540      3.09%     87.58% |        6576      3.11%     90.69% |        6569      3.11%     93.79% |        6548      3.10%     96.89% |        6585      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172372      8.50%      8.50% |       63884      3.15%     11.65% |       58373      2.88%     14.53% |       58093      2.86%     17.39% |       57416      2.83%     20.22% |       56108      2.77%     22.99% |       54638      2.69%     25.68% |       54931      2.71%     28.39% |       58592      2.89%     31.28% |       57347      2.83%     34.11% |       60249      2.97%     37.08% |       59835      2.95%     40.03% |       56487      2.79%     42.81% |       56421      2.78%     45.60% |       56077      2.76%     48.36% |       56492      2.79%     51.15% |       58482      2.88%     54.03% |       58132      2.87%     56.90% |       59510      2.93%     59.83% |       60492      2.98%     62.81% |       60527      2.98%     65.80% |       62710      3.09%     68.89% |       63937      3.15%     72.04% |       60162      2.97%     75.01% |       60607      2.99%     78.00% |       62084      3.06%     81.06% |       60409      2.98%     84.04% |       61036      3.01%     87.05% |       63706      3.14%     90.19% |       61528      3.03%     93.22% |       69641      3.43%     96.66% |       67827      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2028105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.51%      3.51% |           2      3.51%      7.02% |           5      8.77%     15.79% |           4      7.02%     22.81% |           1      1.75%     24.56% |           3      5.26%     29.82% |           2      3.51%     33.33% |           4      7.02%     40.35% |           2      3.51%     43.86% |           1      1.75%     45.61% |           3      5.26%     50.88% |           1      1.75%     52.63% |           1      1.75%     54.39% |           1      1.75%     56.14% |           1      1.75%     57.89% |           1      1.75%     59.65% |           1      1.75%     61.40% |           1      1.75%     63.16% |           1      1.75%     64.91% |           0      0.00%     64.91% |           0      0.00%     64.91% |           2      3.51%     68.42% |           2      3.51%     71.93% |           2      3.51%     75.44% |           1      1.75%     77.19% |           1      1.75%     78.95% |           3      5.26%     84.21% |           2      3.51%     87.72% |           2      3.51%     91.23% |           2      3.51%     94.74% |           2      3.51%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         158      3.31%      3.31% |         151      3.17%      6.48% |         143      3.00%      9.48% |         137      2.87%     12.35% |         155      3.25%     15.60% |         159      3.33%     18.93% |         135      2.83%     21.76% |         135      2.83%     24.59% |         165      3.46%     28.05% |         137      2.87%     30.92% |         163      3.42%     34.34% |         137      2.87%     37.21% |         144      3.02%     40.23% |         139      2.91%     43.14% |         145      3.04%     46.18% |         142      2.98%     49.16% |         149      3.12%     52.29% |         150      3.14%     55.43% |         149      3.12%     58.55% |         154      3.23%     61.78% |         143      3.00%     64.78% |         151      3.17%     67.95% |         154      3.23%     71.17% |         148      3.10%     74.28% |         158      3.31%     77.59% |         154      3.23%     80.82% |         152      3.19%     84.00% |         150      3.14%     87.15% |         152      3.19%     90.34% |         153      3.21%     93.54% |         153      3.21%     96.75% |         155      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         4770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     17.95%     17.95% |           0      0.00%     17.95% |           0      0.00%     17.95% |           0      0.00%     17.95% |           9     23.08%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           8     20.51%     61.54% |           3      7.69%     69.23% |          12     30.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     21.43%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     28.57%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           2     14.29%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |          16     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           1      4.17%      8.33% |           2      8.33%     16.67% |           2      8.33%     25.00% |           1      4.17%     29.17% |           1      4.17%     33.33% |           2      8.33%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      4.17%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           2      8.33%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           2      8.33%     62.50% |           1      4.17%     66.67% |           1      4.17%     70.83% |           1      4.17%     75.00% |           1      4.17%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           2      8.33%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      4.17%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       59334      3.92%      3.92% |       46874      3.10%      7.02% |       46881      3.10%     10.13% |       46841      3.10%     13.22% |       46858      3.10%     16.32% |       46808      3.10%     19.42% |       46835      3.10%     22.52% |       46850      3.10%     25.61% |       46921      3.10%     28.72% |       46858      3.10%     31.82% |       46924      3.10%     34.92% |       46908      3.10%     38.02% |       46946      3.11%     41.13% |       46888      3.10%     44.23% |       46915      3.10%     47.33% |       46808      3.10%     50.43% |       46878      3.10%     53.53% |       46893      3.10%     56.63% |       46911      3.10%     59.73% |       46837      3.10%     62.83% |       46818      3.10%     65.93% |       46840      3.10%     69.03% |       46811      3.10%     72.12% |       46787      3.09%     75.22% |       46895      3.10%     78.32% |       46940      3.10%     81.42% |       46860      3.10%     84.52% |       46772      3.09%     87.62% |       46824      3.10%     90.71% |       46828      3.10%     93.81% |       46791      3.09%     96.90% |       46807      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1511941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     68.83%     68.83% |           0      0.00%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           1      1.30%     72.73% |           1      1.30%     74.03% |           1      1.30%     75.32% |           1      1.30%     76.62% |           1      1.30%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           0      0.00%     77.92% |           1      1.30%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           0      0.00%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           1      1.30%     83.12% |           1      1.30%     84.42% |           1      1.30%     85.71% |           1      1.30%     87.01% |           2      2.60%     89.61% |           2      2.60%     92.21% |           2      2.60%     94.81% |           2      2.60%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.82%      8.82% |           2      5.88%     14.71% |           3      8.82%     23.53% |           3      8.82%     32.35% |           0      0.00%     32.35% |           2      5.88%     38.24% |           1      2.94%     41.18% |           3      8.82%     50.00% |           2      5.88%     55.88% |           1      2.94%     58.82% |           2      5.88%     64.71% |           1      2.94%     67.65% |           1      2.94%     70.59% |           1      2.94%     73.53% |           1      2.94%     76.47% |           1      2.94%     79.41% |           1      2.94%     82.35% |           1      2.94%     85.29% |           1      2.94%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           1      2.94%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      2.94%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           0      0.00%     97.06% |           1      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           34                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     21.43%     21.43% |          11     78.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      5.13%      5.13% |           2      5.13%     10.26% |           3      7.69%     17.95% |           2      5.13%     23.08% |           1      2.56%     25.64% |           2      5.13%     30.77% |           1      2.56%     33.33% |           1      2.56%     35.90% |           3      7.69%     43.59% |           0      0.00%     43.59% |           2      5.13%     48.72% |           1      2.56%     51.28% |           0      0.00%     51.28% |           0      0.00%     51.28% |           1      2.56%     53.85% |           1      2.56%     56.41% |           1      2.56%     58.97% |           2      5.13%     64.10% |           0      0.00%     64.10% |           1      2.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.56%     69.23% |           2      5.13%     74.36% |           1      2.56%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      2.56%     79.49% |           2      5.13%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2      5.13%     89.74% |           1      2.56%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          59      2.77%      2.77% |          58      2.72%      5.49% |          64      3.00%      8.49% |          60      2.81%     11.30% |          79      3.70%     15.00% |          79      3.70%     18.71% |          57      2.67%     21.38% |          59      2.77%     24.14% |          71      3.33%     27.47% |          59      2.77%     30.24% |          67      3.14%     33.38% |          65      3.05%     36.43% |          64      3.00%     39.43% |          63      2.95%     42.38% |          63      2.95%     45.34% |          63      2.95%     48.29% |          70      3.28%     51.57% |          71      3.33%     54.90% |          74      3.47%     58.37% |          72      3.38%     61.74% |          68      3.19%     64.93% |          74      3.47%     68.40% |          74      3.47%     71.87% |          70      3.28%     75.15% |          76      3.56%     78.72% |          64      3.00%     81.72% |          64      3.00%     84.72% |          62      2.91%     87.62% |          65      3.05%     90.67% |          65      3.05%     93.72% |          68      3.19%     96.91% |          66      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         2133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          99      3.76%      3.76% |          93      3.53%      7.29% |          79      3.00%     10.28% |          77      2.92%     13.21% |          76      2.88%     16.09% |          80      3.04%     19.13% |          78      2.96%     22.09% |          76      2.88%     24.97% |          93      3.53%     28.50% |          78      2.96%     31.46% |          96      3.64%     35.10% |          72      2.73%     37.84% |          80      3.04%     40.87% |          76      2.88%     43.76% |          82      3.11%     46.87% |          79      3.00%     49.87% |          79      3.00%     52.87% |          79      3.00%     55.86% |          75      2.85%     58.71% |          82      3.11%     61.82% |          75      2.85%     64.67% |          77      2.92%     67.59% |          80      3.04%     70.63% |          78      2.96%     73.59% |          82      3.11%     76.70% |          90      3.42%     80.11% |          88      3.34%     83.45% |          88      3.34%     86.79% |          86      3.26%     90.06% |          88      3.34%     93.40% |          85      3.23%     96.62% |          89      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2635                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         565      3.40%      3.40% |         470      2.83%      6.23% |         464      2.79%      9.02% |         465      2.80%     11.82% |         510      3.07%     14.89% |         467      2.81%     17.70% |         506      3.04%     20.74% |         528      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.20% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.33% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.45% |         561      3.38%     43.83% |         577      3.47%     47.30% |         521      3.13%     50.44% |         530      3.19%     53.63% |         568      3.42%     57.04% |         563      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.04%     63.48% |         503      3.03%     66.50% |         520      3.13%     69.63% |         483      2.91%     72.54% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         533      3.21%     85.41% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.92%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.27% |         487      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16619                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       19039      8.04%      8.04% |        7098      3.00%     11.04% |        7100      3.00%     14.04% |        7053      2.98%     17.02% |        7019      2.97%     19.99% |        7009      2.96%     22.95% |        7016      2.96%     25.91% |        7010      2.96%     28.88% |        7049      2.98%     31.85% |        7051      2.98%     34.83% |        7086      2.99%     37.83% |        7008      2.96%     40.79% |        7013      2.96%     43.75% |        7013      2.96%     46.71% |        7019      2.97%     49.68% |        6979      2.95%     52.63% |        7018      2.97%     55.59% |        6997      2.96%     58.55% |        7024      2.97%     61.52% |        7006      2.96%     64.48% |        6999      2.96%     67.43% |        6989      2.95%     70.39% |        7015      2.96%     73.35% |        7002      2.96%     76.31% |        7026      2.97%     79.28% |        7027      2.97%     82.25% |        7003      2.96%     85.20% |        6981      2.95%     88.15% |        7023      2.97%     91.12% |        7005      2.96%     94.08% |        6976      2.95%     97.03% |        7035      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       236688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         545      3.28%      3.28% |         471      2.83%      6.11% |         464      2.79%      8.91% |         465      2.80%     11.70% |         511      3.08%     14.78% |         466      2.80%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.21% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         532      3.20%     53.56% |         569      3.42%     56.98% |         562      3.38%     60.37% |         510      3.07%     63.44% |         503      3.03%     66.46% |         521      3.14%     69.60% |         481      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         532      3.20%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.24% |         489      2.94%     91.18% |         510      3.07%     94.25% |         490      2.95%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40774      3.16%      3.16% |       40329      3.12%      6.28% |       40341      3.12%      9.40% |       40347      3.12%     12.53% |       40352      3.12%     15.65% |       40357      3.13%     18.78% |       40339      3.12%     21.90% |       40336      3.12%     25.03% |       40349      3.12%     28.15% |       40344      3.12%     31.27% |       40329      3.12%     34.40% |       40358      3.13%     37.52% |       40339      3.12%     40.65% |       40338      3.12%     43.77% |       40341      3.12%     46.89% |       40330      3.12%     50.02% |       40352      3.12%     53.14% |       40351      3.12%     56.26% |       40349      3.12%     59.39% |       40345      3.12%     62.51% |       40340      3.12%     65.64% |       40354      3.12%     68.76% |       40339      3.12%     71.89% |       40341      3.12%     75.01% |       40347      3.12%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.26% |       40349      3.12%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.51% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.12%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291404                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172887      8.47%      8.47% |       64287      3.15%     11.62% |       58776      2.88%     14.50% |       58486      2.87%     17.36% |       57826      2.83%     20.20% |       56527      2.77%     22.97% |       55032      2.70%     25.66% |       55329      2.71%     28.37% |       59015      2.89%     31.26% |       57739      2.83%     34.09% |       60670      2.97%     37.07% |       60229      2.95%     40.02% |       56882      2.79%     42.80% |       56815      2.78%     45.59% |       56474      2.77%     48.35% |       56889      2.79%     51.14% |       58887      2.88%     54.03% |       58538      2.87%     56.89% |       59906      2.93%     59.83% |       60902      2.98%     62.81% |       60927      2.98%     65.80% |       63119      3.09%     68.89% |       64350      3.15%     72.04% |       60568      2.97%     75.01% |       61021      2.99%     78.00% |       62492      3.06%     81.06% |       60819      2.98%     84.04% |       61442      3.01%     87.05% |       64116      3.14%     90.19% |       61938      3.03%     93.23% |       70050      3.43%     96.66% |       68239      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           22                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      135900     21.91%     21.91% |      310192     50.00%     71.91% |       11187      1.80%     73.71% |       11543      1.86%     75.57% |       11081      1.79%     77.36% |       11680      1.88%     79.24% |       11076      1.79%     81.02% |       11699      1.89%     82.91% |       10489      1.69%     84.60% |       10692      1.72%     86.32% |       10373      1.67%     88.00% |       10836      1.75%     89.74% |       11179      1.80%     91.54% |       10577      1.70%     93.25% |       10031      1.62%     94.87% |       10286      1.66%     96.52% |       10593      1.71%     98.23% |       10970      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       620384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      135900     21.91%     21.91% |      310192     50.00%     71.91% |       11187      1.80%     73.71% |       11543      1.86%     75.57% |       11081      1.79%     77.36% |       11680      1.88%     79.24% |       11076      1.79%     81.02% |       11699      1.89%     82.91% |       10489      1.69%     84.60% |       10692      1.72%     86.32% |       10373      1.67%     88.00% |       10836      1.75%     89.74% |       11179      1.80%     91.54% |       10577      1.70%     93.25% |       10031      1.62%     94.87% |       10286      1.66%     96.52% |       10593      1.71%     98.23% |       10970      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       620384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      135900     21.91%     21.91% |      310192     50.00%     71.91% |       11187      1.80%     73.71% |       11543      1.86%     75.57% |       11081      1.79%     77.36% |       11680      1.88%     79.24% |       11076      1.79%     81.02% |       11699      1.89%     82.91% |       10489      1.69%     84.60% |       10692      1.72%     86.32% |       10373      1.67%     88.00% |       10836      1.75%     89.74% |       11179      1.80%     91.54% |       10577      1.70%     93.25% |       10031      1.62%     94.87% |       10286      1.66%     96.52% |       10593      1.71%     98.23% |       10970      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       620384                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      135900     21.91%     21.91% |      310192     50.00%     71.91% |       11187      1.80%     73.71% |       11543      1.86%     75.57% |       11081      1.79%     77.36% |       11680      1.88%     79.24% |       11076      1.79%     81.02% |       11699      1.89%     82.91% |       10489      1.69%     84.60% |       10692      1.72%     86.32% |       10373      1.67%     88.00% |       10836      1.75%     89.74% |       11179      1.80%     91.54% |       10577      1.70%     93.25% |       10031      1.62%     94.87% |       10286      1.66%     96.52% |       10593      1.71%     98.23% |       10970      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       620384                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
