
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37922587000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214090665500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24143922                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4741604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1570.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24174052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43507204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4966464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4966464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3963456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3963456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130963217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130963217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104514389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104514389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235477606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           235477606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77601                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61929                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77601                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4965120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3963328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4966464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3963456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      139                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  37922096000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77601                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61929                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.069182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.843707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.377171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27234     51.58%     51.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12961     24.55%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7652     14.49%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1881      3.56%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1137      2.15%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          598      1.13%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      0.79%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          337      0.64%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          586      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.726934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.594409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11526     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.370014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.292981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.130699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11015     95.52%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           428      3.71%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           67      0.58%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           22      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1906074136                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3360699136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 387900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24569.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43319.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33314                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    271784.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8592801500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1266200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28060458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              198828000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              200302200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108487500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              109291875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             304925400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300066000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199467360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201754800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15190697790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14744476710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9426405000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9817827000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27905498250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27850405785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          735.918123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.465236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3884928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3884928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128689955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128689955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102443644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102443644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231133599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           231133599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76254                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60702                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60702                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4879488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3884864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4880256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3884928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      158                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  37921858500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76254                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60702                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.993426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.092238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.982343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25563     50.46%     50.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12565     24.80%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7547     14.90%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1854      3.66%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1164      2.30%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          601      1.19%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      0.85%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          318      0.63%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          612      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.734894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.911575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11315     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.362279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.284894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.136862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10821     95.59%     95.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           405      3.58%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           71      0.63%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1809333830                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3238871330                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23731.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42481.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52719                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33555                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    276890.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8946343000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1266200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27707159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              192039120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190859760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              104783250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104139750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300534000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294013200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195961680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197316000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15068129265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14336688735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9533923500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10175538000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27872058015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27775242645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.036171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.482976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4879808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4879808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3884992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3884992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60703                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128678141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128678141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102445332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102445332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231123473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           231123473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76247                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60703                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60703                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4878848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3884928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4879808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3884992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      126                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  37922347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76247                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60703                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.375096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.652991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.435357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25847     50.84%     50.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12480     24.55%     75.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7518     14.79%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1890      3.72%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1130      2.22%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          597      1.17%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          468      0.92%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          297      0.58%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          608      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.728484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.970323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11324     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.358108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.281536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.132241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10851     95.78%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           382      3.37%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           77      0.68%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1794072875                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3223422875                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23534.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42284.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52615                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33476                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    276906.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8928838000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1266200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27724273250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              192598560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191683800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105088500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104589375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300401400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294099000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195935760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197348400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14948413020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14479219800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9638935500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10050508500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27858059940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27794136075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.667090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          732.981303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4856960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4856960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3878848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3878848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    128075651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            128075651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102283317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102283317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    230358968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           230358968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75891                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60607                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75891                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60607                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4856448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3878784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4857024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3878848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      155                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  37921837000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75891                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60607                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.672837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.426751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.678834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25371     50.45%     50.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12428     24.71%     75.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7427     14.77%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1983      3.94%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1116      2.22%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          568      1.13%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          465      0.92%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          325      0.65%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          610      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.705638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.959393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11310     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.355779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.281713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.107227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10848     95.86%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           385      3.40%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           64      0.57%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1812378833                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3235166333                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23884.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42634.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      128.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   128.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52485                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33704                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    277819.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8939272500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1266200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27714234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              189824040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190368360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              103574625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103871625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298420200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293373600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195443280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2476687200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14901581250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14441478390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9680016000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10083615000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27845546595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27786645375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.337090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.783759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1359                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              429148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7091137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.177063                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.790466                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                20.228130                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7048448     99.40%     99.40% |       37881      0.53%     99.93% |        2480      0.03%     99.97% |        1035      0.01%     99.98% |         406      0.01%     99.99% |         309      0.00%     99.99% |         504      0.01%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7091137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16390691                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.955634                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.716938                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.164029                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14924502     91.05%     91.05% |     1402555      8.56%     99.61% |       47367      0.29%     99.90% |       10617      0.06%     99.97% |        2768      0.02%     99.98% |        1252      0.01%     99.99% |         781      0.00%     99.99% |         488      0.00%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16390691                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16390687                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.487090                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.099221                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.538599                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16301657     99.46%     99.46% |       71522      0.44%     99.89% |       12713      0.08%     99.97% |        3515      0.02%     99.99% |         916      0.01%    100.00% |         289      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16390687                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14938812                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001693                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001437                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.044305                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14915257     99.84%     99.84% |       22115      0.15%     99.99% |        1143      0.01%    100.00% |         296      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14938812                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1451875                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        121.374735                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.295298                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        98.099331                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1362845     93.87%     93.87% |       71522      4.93%     98.79% |       12713      0.88%     99.67% |        3515      0.24%     99.91% |         916      0.06%     99.97% |         289      0.02%     99.99% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1451875                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         539226                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       539226                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8495015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8784003                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5711846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5834878                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       581966                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15935                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       245265                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318746                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39907                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       222979                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17157                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits       105553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       130457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       236010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16868                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        85962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       129528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       215490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        16217                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       225526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15711                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131734                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       226164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17358                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits       103135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132387                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       235522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16807                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        85156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       118216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       203372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16442                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        75673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       206709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16184                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73789                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25795                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        45168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        46024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        46037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        26142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        44561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        44356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        43224                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25748                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        43479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        19133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        26133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        45266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25753                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        44212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        44169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        18024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        26072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43759                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25765                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        46143                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        43514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        43081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18248                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        26077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        44325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25730                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        44058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17579                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25716                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        43295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25689                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        44491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        26069                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        44462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44871                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        44592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21982                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        47705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        26139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        44428                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        44070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        43377                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17755                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        26113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        45477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3668                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8279574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8279574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8491681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8279574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4268806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4258786                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8279574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.109164                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5753416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5753416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5973449                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5753416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3663035                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3643428                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5753416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.075857                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4242858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4242858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4430217                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4242858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1974318                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1968934                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4242858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.055941                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3813212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3813212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3934639                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3813212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1879143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1875608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3813212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.050276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4436963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4436963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4693068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4436963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2298386                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2290231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4436963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.058500                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3864499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3864499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3991829                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3864499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1957105                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1953691                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3864499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.050952                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4517301                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4517301                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4664226                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4517301                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1983580                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1979817                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4517301                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059560                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3667461                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3667461                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3782488                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3667461                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1784147                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1780893                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3667461                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.048355                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2715231                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2715231                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2781779                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2715231                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1313064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1311063                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2715231                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3464056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3464056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3596030                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3464056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1747992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1744012                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3464056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.045673                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1650180                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1650180                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1673924                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1650180                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       794343                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       793468                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1650180                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1196309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1196309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1199590                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1196309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       573035                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       572697                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1196309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015773                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1540415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1540415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1547144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1540415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       810080                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       809663                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1540415                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020310                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1210721                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1210721                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1214926                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1210721                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       584709                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       584353                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1210721                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015963                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       733761                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       733761                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       737016                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       733761                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       356444                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       356269                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       733761                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009674                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1012865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1012865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1018413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1012865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       473709                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       473593                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1012865                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013354                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1415327                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       612909                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       612686                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018567                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1124160                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1124160                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1129738                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1124160                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       521310                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       521104                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1124160                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014822                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1017432                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1017432                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1024997                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1017432                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       465078                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       464824                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1017432                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013415                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       626960                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       626960                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       629687                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626960                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       293882                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       293600                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       626960                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008266                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       668731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       668731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       669926                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       668731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       358668                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       358439                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       668731                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       868385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       868385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       872046                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       868385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       472548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       472233                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       868385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011449                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       724779                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       724779                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       726514                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       724779                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       376445                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       376187                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       724779                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009556                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       418454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       418454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       418454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       418454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       204002                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       203826                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       418454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       623452                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       623452                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       624615                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       623452                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       310647                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       310448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       623452                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008220                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       838459                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       838459                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       842028                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       838459                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       452926                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       452583                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       838459                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011055                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       715330                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       715330                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       717386                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       715330                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366077                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       365842                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       715330                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009431                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       207710                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       207516                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2986015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2986015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3031691                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2986015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1365446                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1364707                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2986015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.039370                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2478664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2453159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1094923                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1094384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2453159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.032344                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2632288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2632288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2665436                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2632288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1164177                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1163532                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2632288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034706                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2477059                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2477059                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2509384                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2477059                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1121119                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1120403                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2477059                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032659                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5246396     28.02%     28.02% |    11389416     60.83%     88.85% |     2088539     11.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18724351                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5246398     28.02%     28.02% |    11389416     60.83%     88.85% |     2088539     11.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18724353                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141643077                       |   289573213                       |    50727796                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19675636                       |    49384333                       |     2152142                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.998167                       |   25.424764                       |   24.288652                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.750315                       |    4.335985                       |    1.030453                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.738894                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.803182                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.542076                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003888                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.080252      6.70%      6.70% |    0.080396      6.71%     13.41% |    0.080025      6.68%     20.10% |    0.080230      6.70%     26.79% |    0.183099     15.29%     42.08% |    0.182162     15.21%     57.29% |    0.182891     15.27%     72.56% |    0.182095     15.20%     87.77% |    0.036624      3.06%     90.83% |    0.036633      3.06%     93.88% |    0.036624      3.06%     96.94% |    0.036619      3.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.197649                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029712                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022073                       |    0.000002                       |    0.011762                       |    0.011545                       |    0.011166                       |    0.011605                       |    0.011657                       |    0.011713                       |    0.010195                       |    0.011470                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005042                       |    0.002709                       |    0.002590                       |    0.002662                       |    0.002616                       |    0.002614                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002531                       |    0.002576                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002775                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002631                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002551                       |    0.002571                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002628                       |    0.002624                       |    0.002600                       |    0.002571                       |    0.002792                       |    0.002579                       |    0.002543                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002627                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002643                       |    0.002613                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002891                       |    0.006118                       |    0.006007                       |    0.006007                       |    0.005979                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.003998                       |    0.011155                       |    0.000894                       |    0.000978                       |    0.000881                       |    0.000960                       |    0.000894                       |    0.000974                       |    0.000764                       |    0.000812                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |    0.000328                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002894                       |    0.002571                       |    0.008770                       |    0.003016                       |    0.000764                       |    0.004091                       |    0.013075                       |    0.006084                       |           0                       |    0.003036                       |    0.004974                       |           0                       |    0.010029                       |    0.014833                       |    0.006498                       |    0.009563                       |    0.003007                       |    0.000894                       |    0.013380                       |    0.015238                       |    0.013858                       |    0.009315                       |    0.003056                       |    0.000978                       |    0.015364                       |    0.012422                       |    0.009142                       |           0                       |    0.003005                       |    0.004873                       |           0                       |    0.009470                       |    0.007859                       |    0.007138                       |           0                       |    0.003128                       |           0                       |    0.005392                       |    0.003923                       |    0.003330                       |           0                       |    0.003041                       |           0                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002567                       |           0                       |    0.003160                       |           0                       |    0.001832                       |    0.002792                       |    0.003666                       |    0.009513                       |    0.003040                       |    0.000812                       |    0.009341                       |    0.005085                       |    0.014138                       |    0.003745                       |    0.009279                       |    0.003033                       |    0.000881                       |    0.004183                       |    0.014242                       |    0.022437                       |    0.004444                       |    0.031130                       |    0.004582                       |    0.003998                       |    0.010498                       |    0.017976                       |    0.029261                       |    0.011719                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003077                       |    0.011155                       |    0.010383                       |    0.021900                       |    0.017570                       |    0.011768                       |    0.009515                       |    0.002998                       |    0.000960                       |    0.005861                       |    0.016293                       |    0.010143                       |    0.005183                       |           0                       |    0.003044                       |           0                       |    0.002521                       |    0.005258                       |    0.005019                       |    0.004467                       |           0                       |    0.003023                       |           0                       |    0.001685                       |    0.002627                       |    0.003720                       |           0                       |    0.003000                       |           0                       |    0.001002                       |    0.002579                       |    0.002975                       |           0                       |    0.003109                       |           0                       |    0.007559                       |    0.003310                       |    0.004816                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.003092                       |    0.004872                       |           0                       |    0.005225                       |    0.010502                       |    0.008040                       |    0.002976                       |    0.009449                       |    0.002967                       |    0.000894                       |    0.019857                       |    0.013763                       |    0.009539                       |    0.003091                       |    0.009439                       |    0.002971                       |    0.000974                       |    0.007296                       |    0.015411                       |    0.009256                       |    0.003008                       |           0                       |    0.003178                       |    0.004858                       |           0                       |    0.005807                       |    0.009494                       |    0.006289                       |    0.003032                       |           0                       |    0.003010                       |           0                       |    0.001579                       |    0.005206                       |    0.003144                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |    0.002996                       |           0                       |    0.000842                       |    0.002568                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.002975                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.002963                       |           0                       |    0.002156                       |           0                       |    0.004555                       |           0                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.002929                       |    0.001618                       |    0.005831                       |           0                       |    0.003091                       |           0                       |    0.009276                       |    0.003253                       |    0.002947                       |           0                       |    0.003008                       |           0                       |    0.002336                       |    0.006962                       |    0.002515                       |           0                       |    0.003032                       |           0                       |    0.004144                       |    0.006238                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003024                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005243                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002643                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.197649                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5443460                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5443460                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265604                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3953056                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3364361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.107851                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          441691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29834                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9641571                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45159                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5337812                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20671                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9686730                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5358483                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  14979383                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65830                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15045213                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5841689                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9487                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5851176                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5841689                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9487                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5851176                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72071952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20439415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29992435                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5443460                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3806052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              46890000                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       151933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       210729                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       308877                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5841053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68443128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58345639     85.25%     85.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1039474      1.52%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           597228      0.87%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1003080      1.47%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1430221      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           593788      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           678678      0.99%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993280      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3761740      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68443128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416146                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15625642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44213363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6487991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1817551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52630132                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16307530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27365439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4830230                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7438048                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12203300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51703505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4326390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59572935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120969445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75352565                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49770737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9802159                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133679                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135636                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11122740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5239604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5525385                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1267761                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1065684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50472181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       346835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53067460                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143063                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7094732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11434244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68443128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46486991     67.92%     67.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8490803     12.41%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5208228      7.61%     87.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2994489      4.38%     92.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2929184      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1177872      1.72%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692145      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289560      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173856      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68443128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95276     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601810     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66305      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165362      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37674543     70.99%     71.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22622      0.04%     71.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9767450     18.41%     89.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5385104     10.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53067460                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014385                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    175484437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     57920266                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47519307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53665457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1227525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110307                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2626                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6958                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395923                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5683242                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4760212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17963193                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50819016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100386                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5239604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5525385                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       337714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6958                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190200                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52677338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9632654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             14974480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4375838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5341826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.730899                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47581844                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47519327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30705851                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49106923                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659332                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.625286                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7284230                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       297926                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67291814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.646545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.596235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51128921     75.98%     75.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8021338     11.92%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1856358      2.76%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2147007      3.19%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       742931      1.10%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1045055      1.55%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       693998      1.03%     97.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278509      0.41%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1377697      2.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67291814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24174051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43507201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9258742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4129291                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4039141                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43211448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       366951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81870      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34094181     78.36%     78.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21407      0.05%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4129291      9.49%     88.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5129451     11.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43507201                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1377697                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116647529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102738724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84119                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3628824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24174051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43507201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.981377                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.981377                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         77837711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37555838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20749245                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16409268                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24112762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4785829000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4785829000.000007                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3171081                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.740983                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.034402                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       26.399170                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3135268     98.87%     98.87% |       31960      1.01%     99.88% |        1724      0.05%     99.93% |         872      0.03%     99.96% |         371      0.01%     99.97% |         308      0.01%     99.98% |         504      0.02%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3171081                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3072912                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.439181                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.002821                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.986191                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3066036     99.78%     99.78% |        5921      0.19%     99.97% |         756      0.02%     99.99% |         163      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3072912                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        847144                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.999483                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.170184                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.249049                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      119694     14.13%     14.13% |      491199     57.98%     72.11% |      226917     26.79%     98.90% |        9278      1.10%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          847144                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4501991                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.680132                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.764704                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.750528                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4448834     98.82%     98.82% |       41376      0.92%     99.74% |        8248      0.18%     99.92% |        2634      0.06%     99.98% |         685      0.02%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4501991                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3914949                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000732                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000631                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.027287                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3912103     99.93%     99.93% |        2829      0.07%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3914949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       587042                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     130.914078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.067425                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    118.637718                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      533885     90.94%     90.94% |       41376      7.05%     97.99% |        8248      1.41%     99.40% |        2634      0.45%     99.85% |         685      0.12%     99.96% |         174      0.03%     99.99% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        587042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5925751                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.543840                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.663092                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.497350                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5892173     99.43%     99.43% |       28067      0.47%     99.91% |        4271      0.07%     99.98% |         859      0.01%     99.99% |         231      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5925751                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5191801                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.004298                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003641                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.071098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5171202     99.60%     99.60% |       19176      0.37%     99.97% |        1130      0.02%     99.99% |         292      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5191801                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       733950                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     120.393366                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.700786                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.162699                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      700372     95.43%     95.43% |       28067      3.82%     99.25% |        4271      0.58%     99.83% |         859      0.12%     99.95% |         231      0.03%     99.98% |         115      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        733950                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5834876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.698730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.210122                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.981724                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5822281     99.78%     99.78% |       10577      0.18%     99.97% |        1782      0.03%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5834876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5711846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000592                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5711844    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5711846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.564700                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.382244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.014257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.76%     89.76% |       10577      8.60%     98.36% |        1782      1.45%     99.81% |          43      0.03%     99.84% |          81      0.07%     99.91% |          91      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123030                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.515568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667243                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.530840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125485     98.99%     98.99% |        1002      0.79%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118830     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.336997                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.323673                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.215412                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6547     83.67%     83.67% |        1002     12.81%     96.47% |         247      3.16%     99.63% |           7      0.09%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7825                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11103                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       286280                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       292128                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   176053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   189438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   169979                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   26064                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  177891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24524                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  180333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   24526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  189620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  160367                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  161869                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   189                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  3066                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2982                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    65134                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    67856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    62039                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                      15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   63820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      16                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   66659                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      16                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   68297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      16                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   60701                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   60692                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                19516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               178940                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               192239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               172743                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               26253                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              180719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              183282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              192504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               16960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              163433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              164851                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  552335                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139764927314655                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139764929036130                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  494590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  370338                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                32993052                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               384745688                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               384619357                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               386339418                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               384696871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              384601069                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              386253012                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              384752184                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              384624587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              386394709                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              384700127                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              384583514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              386359402                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              384809441                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              384683800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              386523625                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              384782271                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              384675267                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              386364183                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12784                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   89484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12604                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   96135                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   11932                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20485                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   86387                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  21765                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  90375                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  91654                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12116                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  96268                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11108                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19205                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  81729                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  82439                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6732                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  89456                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  96104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  86356                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 90344                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 91628                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 96236                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5852                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 81704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 82412                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                86597                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                93334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                83623                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               21661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               87547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20380                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               88705                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               11921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               20382                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               93384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               10929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19106                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               78663                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20381                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               79457                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                212                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                101                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2828                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2949                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               102                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2884                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              3066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2982                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6379                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               89456                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6289                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               96104                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               86356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              90344                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              91628                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              96236                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5515                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              81704                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              82412                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               355                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               377                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      153                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      143                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      282                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     288                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     293                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     301                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     273                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     277                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2115097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2626911                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4603728                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2107086                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2572877                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4603103                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2118317                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2592091                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4605900                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2107561                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2710691                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4607677                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2118587                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2579847                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4606909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2113276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2554423                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4593983                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2105991                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2612868                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4608548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2105726                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2713562                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4605668                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2448                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2344                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2184                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2216                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1471495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2431965                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4228121                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1471010                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2388265                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4216082                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1404611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2399977                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4238642                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1518922                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2514125                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4232654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1434868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2386694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4215553                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1543624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2364679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4204201                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1312107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2415910                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4254770                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1451720                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2510656                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4221927                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             136614                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             135323                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             197875                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             127643                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             187248                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             130478                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            191232                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            128798                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            194555                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            127806                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            199864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            120066                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            181272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121073                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            183928                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2213735                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1446024                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3035704                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2171013                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1392199                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3002332                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2293677                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1432559                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2993679                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2108489                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1485138                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2973934                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2245069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1435320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3062810                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2102102                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1402373                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3004959                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2396849                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1470633                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3068198                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2199754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1495065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3052117                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1471495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2431965                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4228121                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1471010                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2388265                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4216082                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1404611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2399977                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4238642                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1518922                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2514125                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4232654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1434868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2386694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4215553                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1543624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2364679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4204201                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1312107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2415910                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4254770                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1451720                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2510656                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4221927                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        122890                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        193763                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121293                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        197771                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        114054                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        187185                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        118775                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       191113                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       114958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       194402                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       117439                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       199745                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       105076                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       181143                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       109049                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       183836                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1651497                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1446024                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2998862                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1635641                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1392199                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2972628                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1676297                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1432559                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2972238                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1621287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1485138                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2943035                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1658595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1435320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3022528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1651274                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1402373                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2970786                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1682352                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1470633                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3020659                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1645155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1495065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3004573                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2101899                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2610015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4580529                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2093053                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2555981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4579739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2106005                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2575195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4583869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2094260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2692739                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4584978                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2106371                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2562951                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4583925                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2101134                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2537527                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4570322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2095237                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2597028                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4587883                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2093827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2696666                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4583858                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3856                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             13360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles            109448                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             5207                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9806                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            22911                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           631750                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9861                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             8261                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles              969                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73123158                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68494946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73123154                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68495179                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73123160                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68497880                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73123156                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68494933                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73123165                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68495461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73123161                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68517483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368563                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73123177                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68495138                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73123173                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68494826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2068858                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2627239                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          3913938                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2067703                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2573065                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          3894771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2079637                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2592462                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          3918096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2065126                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2710817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         3914237                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2077055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2580199                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         3909040                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2074705                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2554612                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         3888428                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2064557                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2613456                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         3918074                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2065751                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2714054                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         3927002                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              174                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              870                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             26349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             30181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             26224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            28486                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            29942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            23201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            23838                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5688                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             19819                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5662                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             6265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19579                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            17912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             5900                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            19821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5079                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            14828                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16272                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            1004                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               6                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            1017                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles            533                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1028                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles            778                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1287                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           1266                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77575     25.35%     25.35% |       76254     24.92%     50.28% |       76247     24.92%     75.20% |       75891     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       305967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56019     25.43%     25.43% |       54785     24.87%     50.30% |       54783     24.87%     75.17% |       54684     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220271                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77601     25.36%     25.36% |       76254     24.92%     50.28% |       76247     24.92%     75.20% |       75890     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       305992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61929     25.39%     25.39% |       60702     24.88%     50.27% |       60703     24.88%     75.16% |       60606     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13364     25.25%     25.25% |       13277     25.09%     50.33% |       13272     25.08%     75.41% |       13015     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77575     25.35%     25.35% |       76254     24.92%     50.28% |       76247     24.92%     75.20% |       75891     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       305967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55762     25.41%     25.41% |       54590     24.88%     50.29% |       54591     24.88%     75.17% |       54495     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219438                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13364     25.25%     25.25% |       13277     25.09%     50.33% |       13272     25.08%     75.41% |       13015     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77575     25.35%     25.35% |       76254     24.92%     50.28% |       76247     24.92%     75.20% |       75890     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       305966                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55762     25.41%     25.41% |       54590     24.88%     50.29% |       54591     24.88%     75.17% |       54494     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219437                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3529673     78.38%     78.38% |          38      0.00%     78.38% |      122662      2.72%     81.10% |      129130      2.87%     83.97% |      118710      2.64%     86.60% |      124318      2.76%     89.36% |      124073      2.76%     92.12% |      128773      2.86%     94.98% |      111954      2.49%     97.46% |      114185      2.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4503516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5834934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5834934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5255982     86.82%     86.82% |           0      0.00%     86.82% |      100317      1.66%     88.48% |      106880      1.77%     90.24% |       96780      1.60%     91.84% |      101208      1.67%     93.51% |      102091      1.69%     95.20% |      106749      1.76%     96.96% |       91418      1.51%     98.47% |       92524      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6053949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13422      4.12%      4.12% |          38      0.01%      4.13% |       39082     11.99%     16.12% |       37704     11.57%     27.69% |       37943     11.64%     39.33% |       38197     11.72%     51.05% |       38341     11.76%     62.81% |       37731     11.58%     74.38% |       41688     12.79%     87.17% |       41805     12.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       325951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410305     56.23%     56.23% |           0      0.00%     56.23% |       40874      5.60%     61.83% |       40905      5.61%     67.44% |       39297      5.39%     72.83% |       41051      5.63%     78.45% |       40313      5.52%     83.98% |       40716      5.58%     89.56% |       37405      5.13%     94.68% |       38794      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       729660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36716     12.93%     12.93% |       35626     12.55%     25.48% |       35885     12.64%     38.12% |       37130     13.08%     51.20% |       36855     12.98%     64.18% |       37463     13.20%     77.37% |       28502     10.04%     87.41% |       35736     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       283913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31043     13.08%     13.10% |       31149     13.13%     26.22% |       27859     11.74%     37.96% |       30063     12.67%     50.63% |       31068     13.09%     63.73% |       31428     13.25%     76.97% |       24934     10.51%     87.48% |       29706     12.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       237280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2768     11.76%     11.76% |        2870     12.19%     23.95% |        3026     12.86%     36.81% |        3021     12.84%     49.65% |        3474     14.76%     64.40% |        3273     13.91%     78.31% |        2232      9.48%     87.79% |        2873     12.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        23537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141714     54.02%     54.02% |          11      0.00%     54.03% |       15285      5.83%     59.86% |       15405      5.87%     65.73% |       14633      5.58%     71.31% |       15431      5.88%     77.19% |       15268      5.82%     83.01% |       15652      5.97%     88.98% |       14203      5.41%     94.39% |       14710      5.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       262312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29383     12.38%     12.39% |       28275     11.92%     24.31% |       30678     12.93%     37.24% |       30645     12.92%     50.16% |       28662     12.08%     62.23% |       29126     12.27%     74.51% |       29812     12.56%     87.07% |       30672     12.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       237280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270283     37.66%     37.66% |           0      0.00%     37.66% |       58255      8.12%     45.78% |       55668      7.76%     53.54% |       54553      7.60%     61.14% |       55755      7.77%     68.91% |       56364      7.85%     76.76% |       55156      7.69%     84.45% |       53795      7.50%     91.94% |       57817      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       717646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35458     12.93%     12.93% |       36536     13.32%     26.25% |       34027     12.40%     38.65% |       36936     13.47%     52.12% |       36924     13.46%     65.58% |       38212     13.93%     79.51% |       23783      8.67%     88.18% |       32428     11.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       274304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30372     12.94%     12.95% |       31109     13.26%     26.21% |       29664     12.64%     38.85% |       31337     13.36%     52.21% |       31440     13.40%     65.61% |       32453     13.83%     79.44% |       20406      8.70%     88.14% |       27837     11.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       234637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287569     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       24209      5.07%     65.25% |       23264      4.87%     70.12% |       23962      5.01%     75.14% |       23756      4.97%     80.11% |       23206      4.86%     84.96% |       22552      4.72%     89.68% |       25631      5.36%     95.05% |       23660      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141757     36.37%     36.37% |          38      0.01%     36.38% |       31613      8.11%     44.49% |       31718      8.14%     52.63% |       30406      7.80%     60.44% |       31755      8.15%     68.58% |       31385      8.05%     76.64% |       31751      8.15%     84.78% |       29141      7.48%     92.26% |       30162      7.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       389726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122577    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146856     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9773      4.39%     70.43% |        9699      4.36%     74.80% |        9403      4.23%     79.02% |        9808      4.41%     83.43% |        9440      4.25%     87.68% |        9477      4.26%     91.94% |        8776      3.95%     95.89% |        9144      4.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11169     43.12%     43.12% |           0      0.00%     43.12% |        1841      7.11%     50.22% |        1871      7.22%     57.45% |        1828      7.06%     64.50% |        1871      7.22%     71.73% |        1854      7.16%     78.88% |        1836      7.09%     85.97% |        1814      7.00%     92.97% |        1820      7.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        25904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         328      0.17%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |       24487     12.41%     12.58% |       23595     11.96%     24.53% |       25543     12.95%     37.48% |       25383     12.86%     50.34% |       23979     12.15%     62.50% |       24334     12.33%     74.83% |       23699     12.01%     86.84% |       25970     13.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       197318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         455    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          28      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       39223     12.94%     12.95% |       36609     12.08%     25.03% |       36936     12.19%     37.21% |       37304     12.31%     49.52% |       38312     12.64%     62.16% |       37133     12.25%     74.41% |       37581     12.40%     86.81% |       39984     13.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       303110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         556      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |        9652     12.55%     13.27% |       10657     13.85%     27.12% |        8913     11.59%     38.71% |       10164     13.21%     51.92% |       10399     13.52%     65.44% |       11378     14.79%     80.23% |        6251      8.13%     88.36% |        8955     11.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        76925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      3.97%      3.97% |           0      0.00%      3.97% |       21584     12.48%     16.45% |       21427     12.39%     28.84% |       20612     11.92%     40.76% |       20134     11.64%     52.40% |       22024     12.73%     65.13% |       21346     12.34%     77.48% |       18257     10.56%     88.03% |       20698     11.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       172953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5711846    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5711846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28199     13.04%     13.04% |       28836     13.33%     26.38% |       27240     12.59%     38.97% |       28918     13.37%     52.34% |       28618     13.23%     65.57% |       29692     13.73%     79.29% |       19019      8.79%     88.08% |       25776     11.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       216317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1328      0.45%      0.45% |          27      0.01%      0.46% |       36619     12.47%     12.93% |       35207     11.99%     24.92% |       35485     12.08%     37.00% |       35696     12.15%     49.16% |       35804     12.19%     61.35% |       35346     12.04%     73.38% |       39010     13.28%     86.67% |       39152     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       293674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122042     69.82%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |        7013      4.01%     73.84% |        6984      4.00%     77.83% |        6422      3.67%     81.51% |        7131      4.08%     85.58% |        6708      3.84%     89.42% |        6786      3.88%     93.31% |        5523      3.16%     96.46% |        6179      3.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       174788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387223     90.50%     90.50% |           0      0.00%     90.50% |       18113      1.18%     91.68% |       18778      1.23%     92.91% |       17710      1.16%     94.07% |       19384      1.26%     95.33% |       18317      1.20%     96.52% |       19061      1.24%     97.77% |       16521      1.08%     98.85% |       17684      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1532791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21193     25.70%     25.70% |           0      0.00%     25.70% |        7560      9.17%     34.87% |        7987      9.69%     44.56% |        7105      8.62%     53.18% |        7269      8.82%     61.99% |        7505      9.10%     71.09% |        8544     10.36%     81.46% |        8093      9.82%     91.27% |        7196      8.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        82452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         607     98.22%     98.22% |          11      1.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119830     77.67%     77.67% |           0      0.00%     77.67% |        4298      2.79%     80.46% |        4320      2.80%     83.26% |        4324      2.80%     86.06% |        4585      2.97%     89.03% |        4301      2.79%     91.82% |        4299      2.79%     94.61% |        4013      2.60%     97.21% |        4308      2.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3108     13.90%     13.90% |        2779     12.43%     26.32% |        2917     13.04%     39.37% |        3258     14.57%     53.93% |        3143     14.05%     67.99% |        2494     11.15%     79.14% |        1778      7.95%     87.09% |        2887     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        22364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1991971     90.17%     90.17% |           0      0.00%     90.17% |       26865      1.22%     91.38% |       33612      1.52%     92.90% |       24439      1.11%     94.01% |       27662      1.25%     95.26% |       28368      1.28%     96.55% |       32281      1.46%     98.01% |       24336      1.10%     99.11% |       19671      0.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2209205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5087757     97.29%     97.29% |           0      0.00%     97.29% |       15562      0.30%     97.59% |       23749      0.45%     98.04% |       16096      0.31%     98.35% |       17909      0.34%     98.69% |       18216      0.35%     99.04% |       21903      0.42%     99.46% |       17949      0.34%     99.80% |       10424      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5229565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     99.07%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           3      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167739     51.85%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |       19911      6.15%     58.00% |       18944      5.86%     63.86% |       19638      6.07%     69.93% |       19171      5.93%     75.85% |       18905      5.84%     81.69% |       18253      5.64%     87.34% |       21618      6.68%     94.02% |       19352      5.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36716     12.93%     12.93% |       35625     12.55%     25.48% |       35879     12.64%     38.12% |       37127     13.08%     51.20% |       36855     12.98%     64.18% |       37462     13.20%     77.37% |       28502     10.04%     87.41% |       35736     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       283902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       27935     13.00%     13.01% |       28369     13.20%     26.21% |       24942     11.61%     37.82% |       26805     12.47%     50.29% |       27922     12.99%     63.28% |       28934     13.46%     76.75% |       23156     10.77%     87.52% |       26819     12.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       214912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     12.44%     12.44% |          29     13.36%     25.81% |          28     12.90%     38.71% |          25     11.52%     50.23% |          31     14.29%     64.52% |          37     17.05%     81.57% |          19      8.76%     90.32% |          21      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141714     54.02%     54.02% |          11      0.00%     54.03% |       15285      5.83%     59.86% |       15405      5.87%     65.73% |       14633      5.58%     71.31% |       15431      5.88%     77.19% |       15268      5.82%     83.01% |       15652      5.97%     88.98% |       14203      5.41%     94.39% |       14710      5.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       262312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       29383     12.38%     12.39% |       28275     11.92%     24.31% |       30678     12.93%     37.24% |       30645     12.92%     50.16% |       28662     12.08%     62.23% |       29126     12.27%     74.51% |       29812     12.56%     87.07% |       30672     12.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       237280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123399     58.69%     58.69% |           0      0.00%     58.69% |       11405      5.42%     64.11% |       11604      5.52%     69.63% |       10610      5.05%     74.68% |       11037      5.25%     79.93% |       11403      5.42%     85.35% |       11270      5.36%     90.71% |        8806      4.19%     94.90% |       10729      5.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       210263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2768     11.76%     11.76% |        2870     12.19%     23.95% |        3026     12.86%     36.81% |        3021     12.84%     49.65% |        3474     14.76%     64.40% |        3273     13.91%     78.31% |        2232      9.48%     87.79% |        2873     12.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        23537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146884     28.96%     28.96% |           0      0.00%     28.96% |       46823      9.23%     38.19% |       44035      8.68%     46.88% |       43915      8.66%     55.54% |       44693      8.81%     64.35% |       44930      8.86%     73.21% |       43849      8.65%     81.85% |       44970      8.87%     90.72% |       47067      9.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       507166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1488     12.61%     12.61% |        1673     14.18%     26.78% |        1158      9.81%     36.60% |        1131      9.58%     46.18% |        1292     10.95%     57.13% |        1135      9.62%     66.74% |        2185     18.51%     85.26% |        1740     14.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        11802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         595     11.41%     11.41% |         597     11.44%     22.85% |         602     11.54%     34.39% |         602     11.54%     45.93% |         652     12.50%     58.42% |         512      9.81%     68.24% |         845     16.20%     84.44% |         812     15.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         5217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       33970     12.94%     12.94% |       34863     13.28%     26.22% |       32869     12.52%     38.74% |       35805     13.64%     52.38% |       35632     13.57%     65.96% |       37077     14.12%     80.08% |       21598      8.23%     88.31% |       30688     11.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       262502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30372     12.94%     12.95% |       31109     13.26%     26.21% |       29664     12.64%     38.85% |       31337     13.36%     52.21% |       31440     13.40%     65.61% |       32453     13.83%     79.44% |       20406      8.70%     88.14% |       27837     11.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       234637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     12.44%     12.44% |          29     13.36%     25.81% |          28     12.90%     38.71% |          25     11.52%     50.23% |          31     14.29%     64.52% |          37     17.05%     81.57% |          19      8.76%     90.32% |          21      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           6     54.55%     63.64% |           3     27.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287569     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       24209      5.07%     65.25% |       23262      4.87%     70.12% |       23956      5.01%     75.14% |       23753      4.97%     80.11% |       23203      4.86%     84.96% |       22551      4.72%     89.68% |       25631      5.36%     95.05% |       23660      4.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           6     40.00%     53.33% |           3     20.00%     73.33% |           3     20.00%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3827      3.11%      3.11% |        3775      3.07%      6.18% |        3473      2.82%      9.00% |        3487      2.83%     11.84% |        3536      2.87%     14.71% |        4040      3.28%     17.99% |        3711      3.02%     21.01% |        3292      2.68%     23.68% |        3533      2.87%     26.56% |        5124      4.16%     30.72% |        3876      3.15%     33.87% |        3780      3.07%     36.94% |        3538      2.88%     39.82% |        4265      3.47%     43.29% |        3861      3.14%     46.42% |        3765      3.06%     49.48% |        4078      3.31%     52.80% |        4104      3.34%     56.13% |        3602      2.93%     59.06% |        3281      2.67%     61.73% |        3059      2.49%     64.21% |        3642      2.96%     67.17% |        3494      2.84%     70.01% |        3384      2.75%     72.76% |        3603      2.93%     75.69% |        3628      2.95%     78.64% |        3245      2.64%     81.28% |        4530      3.68%     84.96% |        3908      3.18%     88.14% |        5147      4.18%     92.32% |        4999      4.06%     96.38% |        4449      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44898      7.50%      7.50% |       18528      3.09%     10.59% |       17525      2.93%     13.52% |       18357      3.07%     16.58% |       17862      2.98%     19.57% |       17452      2.91%     22.48% |       17267      2.88%     25.37% |       17170      2.87%     28.23% |       17447      2.91%     31.15% |       17758      2.97%     34.11% |       19628      3.28%     37.39% |       19288      3.22%     40.61% |       18201      3.04%     43.65% |       17735      2.96%     46.61% |       17022      2.84%     49.45% |       17287      2.89%     52.34% |       18296      3.06%     55.40% |       17667      2.95%     58.35% |       17908      2.99%     61.34% |       17829      2.98%     64.32% |       17865      2.98%     67.30% |       18919      3.16%     70.46% |       17447      2.91%     73.37% |       17197      2.87%     76.24% |       17651      2.95%     79.19% |       17823      2.98%     82.17% |       17473      2.92%     85.09% |       16980      2.84%     87.92% |       17536      2.93%     90.85% |       17060      2.85%     93.70% |       17611      2.94%     96.64% |       20119      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       598806                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18856      3.49%      3.49% |       16882      3.13%      6.62% |       16530      3.06%      9.68% |       16730      3.10%     12.77% |       16856      3.12%     15.90% |       16629      3.08%     18.97% |       16424      3.04%     22.01% |       16436      3.04%     25.06% |       16816      3.11%     28.17% |       16574      3.07%     31.24% |       16542      3.06%     34.30% |       17160      3.18%     37.48% |       16807      3.11%     40.59% |       16549      3.06%     43.65% |       16484      3.05%     46.71% |       16545      3.06%     49.77% |       16795      3.11%     52.88% |       16596      3.07%     55.95% |       16766      3.10%     59.06% |       16844      3.12%     62.17% |       16824      3.11%     65.29% |       17721      3.28%     68.57% |       16712      3.09%     71.66% |       16714      3.09%     74.76% |       17218      3.19%     77.95% |       16840      3.12%     81.06% |       16893      3.13%     84.19% |       17283      3.20%     87.39% |       16844      3.12%     90.51% |       16795      3.11%     93.62% |       17278      3.20%     96.82% |       17187      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       540130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6857      3.16%      3.16% |        6718      3.09%      6.25% |        6710      3.09%      9.34% |        6765      3.12%     12.46% |        6867      3.16%     15.62% |        6738      3.10%     18.72% |        6702      3.09%     21.81% |        6733      3.10%     24.91% |        6871      3.16%     28.08% |        6735      3.10%     31.18% |        6767      3.12%     34.29% |        6723      3.10%     37.39% |        6893      3.17%     40.57% |        6714      3.09%     43.66% |        6742      3.11%     46.76% |        6760      3.11%     49.88% |        6920      3.19%     53.06% |        6716      3.09%     56.16% |        6812      3.14%     59.29% |        6836      3.15%     62.44% |        6936      3.19%     65.64% |        6719      3.09%     68.73% |        6741      3.10%     71.84% |        6804      3.13%     74.97% |        6932      3.19%     78.16% |        6763      3.11%     81.28% |        6775      3.12%     84.40% |        6797      3.13%     87.53% |        6891      3.17%     90.70% |        6712      3.09%     93.79% |        6734      3.10%     96.89% |        6743      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       217126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42861      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13673      2.86%     14.97% |       14591      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.92% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13065      2.73%     26.46% |       13108      2.74%     29.21% |       13316      2.79%     31.99% |       13872      2.90%     34.90% |       15623      3.27%     38.17% |       15918      3.33%     41.50% |       14011      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.29% |       12806      2.68%     49.97% |       13198      2.76%     52.73% |       14158      2.96%     55.69% |       13670      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14043      2.94%     64.42% |       13695      2.87%     67.29% |       16130      3.38%     70.67% |       13599      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13749      2.88%     79.17% |       14132      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13630      2.85%     87.84% |       13532      2.83%     90.67% |       13330      2.79%     93.46% |       14450      3.02%     96.49% |       16791      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477811                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8034      3.66%      3.66% |        6815      3.11%      6.77% |        6839      3.12%      9.89% |        6802      3.10%     13.00% |        6798      3.10%     16.10% |        6807      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.30% |        6802      3.10%     25.40% |        6818      3.11%     28.51% |        6827      3.11%     31.62% |        6848      3.12%     34.75% |        6829      3.11%     37.86% |        6808      3.11%     40.97% |        6840      3.12%     44.09% |        6812      3.11%     47.20% |        6805      3.10%     50.30% |        6850      3.12%     53.42% |        6823      3.11%     56.54% |        6831      3.12%     59.65% |        6831      3.12%     62.77% |        6812      3.11%     65.87% |        6849      3.12%     69.00% |        6830      3.12%     72.11% |        6783      3.09%     75.21% |        6801      3.10%     78.31% |        6809      3.11%     81.42% |        6796      3.10%     84.52% |        6791      3.10%     87.61% |        6787      3.10%     90.71% |        6775      3.09%     93.80% |        6793      3.10%     96.90% |        6802      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1810      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.20%      6.60% |        1727      3.25%      9.86% |        1673      3.15%     13.00% |        1677      3.16%     16.16% |        1664      3.13%     19.29% |        1669      3.14%     22.43% |        1654      3.11%     25.55% |        1667      3.14%     28.68% |        1702      3.20%     31.89% |        1690      3.18%     35.07% |        1645      3.10%     38.17% |        1690      3.18%     41.35% |        1684      3.17%     44.52% |        1699      3.20%     47.71% |        1643      3.09%     50.81% |        1658      3.12%     53.93% |        1641      3.09%     57.02% |        1632      3.07%     60.09% |        1620      3.05%     63.14% |        1625      3.06%     66.20% |        1640      3.09%     69.28% |        1625      3.06%     72.34% |        1614      3.04%     75.38% |        1653      3.11%     78.49% |        1673      3.15%     81.64% |        1664      3.13%     84.77% |        1618      3.05%     87.82% |        1638      3.08%     90.90% |        1619      3.05%     93.95% |        1618      3.05%     96.99% |        1598      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10960      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.13%      6.71% |        9613      3.14%      9.85% |        9523      3.11%     12.96% |        9523      3.11%     16.07% |        9519      3.11%     19.19% |        9508      3.11%     22.29% |        9504      3.11%     25.40% |        9533      3.12%     28.52% |        9577      3.13%     31.65% |        9585      3.13%     34.78% |        9521      3.11%     37.89% |        9545      3.12%     41.01% |        9571      3.13%     44.14% |        9558      3.12%     47.26% |        9495      3.10%     50.36% |        9555      3.12%     53.49% |        9512      3.11%     56.60% |        9511      3.11%     59.70% |        9499      3.10%     62.81% |        9485      3.10%     65.91% |        9538      3.12%     69.03% |        9503      3.11%     72.13% |        9444      3.09%     75.22% |        9502      3.11%     78.33% |        9531      3.12%     81.44% |        9509      3.11%     84.55% |        9455      3.09%     87.64% |        9472      3.10%     90.73% |        9442      3.09%     93.82% |        9460      3.09%     96.91% |        9449      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       305966                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9936      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.13%      6.76% |        8589      3.14%      9.91% |        8499      3.11%     13.02% |        8499      3.11%     16.13% |        8495      3.11%     19.24% |        8484      3.11%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.45% |        8509      3.11%     28.56% |        8553      3.13%     31.69% |        8561      3.13%     34.83% |        8497      3.11%     37.94% |        8521      3.12%     41.06% |        8547      3.13%     44.18% |        8534      3.12%     47.31% |        8471      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8488      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.74% |        8475      3.10%     62.85% |        8461      3.10%     65.94% |        8514      3.12%     69.06% |        8479      3.10%     72.16% |        8420      3.08%     75.25% |        8478      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8485      3.11%     84.57% |        8431      3.09%     87.65% |        8448      3.09%     90.75% |        8418      3.08%     93.83% |        8436      3.09%     96.92% |        8425      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6905      3.21%      3.21% |        6670      3.10%      6.31% |        6692      3.11%      9.42% |        6748      3.14%     12.55% |        6834      3.18%     15.73% |        6697      3.11%     18.84% |        6667      3.10%     21.94% |        6706      3.12%     25.05% |        6833      3.17%     28.23% |        6692      3.11%     31.33% |        6715      3.12%     34.45% |        6644      3.09%     37.54% |        6856      3.19%     40.73% |        6643      3.09%     43.81% |        6682      3.10%     46.92% |        6680      3.10%     50.02% |        6878      3.20%     53.22% |        6688      3.11%     56.32% |        6718      3.12%     59.45% |        6695      3.11%     62.56% |        6871      3.19%     65.75% |        6650      3.09%     68.84% |        6670      3.10%     71.94% |        6696      3.11%     75.05% |        6813      3.17%     78.21% |        6648      3.09%     81.30% |        6663      3.10%     84.40% |        6626      3.08%     87.48% |        6887      3.20%     90.68% |        6652      3.09%     93.77% |        6720      3.12%     96.89% |        6697      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       215236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         700      3.13%      3.13% |         698      3.12%      6.25% |         705      3.15%      9.40% |         694      3.10%     12.51% |         696      3.11%     15.62% |         698      3.12%     18.74% |         701      3.13%     21.87% |         701      3.13%     25.01% |         715      3.20%     28.20% |         691      3.09%     31.29% |         699      3.13%     34.42% |         704      3.15%     37.57% |         697      3.12%     40.68% |         688      3.08%     43.76% |         697      3.12%     46.88% |         696      3.11%     49.99% |         703      3.14%     53.13% |         710      3.17%     56.31% |         682      3.05%     59.36% |         688      3.08%     62.43% |         717      3.21%     65.64% |         687      3.07%     68.71% |         697      3.12%     71.83% |         689      3.08%     74.91% |         701      3.13%     78.04% |         696      3.11%     81.15% |         694      3.10%     84.26% |         687      3.07%     87.33% |         707      3.16%     90.49% |         716      3.20%     93.69% |         701      3.13%     96.83% |         710      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        22365                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         388      3.03%      3.03% |         394      3.08%      6.11% |         400      3.12%      9.23% |         406      3.17%     12.40% |         406      3.17%     15.57% |         405      3.16%     18.74% |         407      3.18%     21.92% |         405      3.16%     25.08% |         404      3.16%     28.23% |         402      3.14%     31.37% |         408      3.19%     34.56% |         401      3.13%     37.69% |         408      3.19%     40.88% |         404      3.16%     44.03% |         408      3.19%     47.22% |         398      3.11%     50.33% |         404      3.16%     53.48% |         396      3.09%     56.58% |         403      3.15%     59.72% |         400      3.12%     62.85% |         400      3.12%     65.97% |         400      3.12%     69.10% |         396      3.09%     72.19% |         397      3.10%     75.29% |         393      3.07%     78.36% |         396      3.09%     81.45% |         393      3.07%     84.52% |         398      3.11%     87.63% |         395      3.08%     90.71% |         400      3.12%     93.84% |         394      3.08%     96.92% |         395      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         502      3.35%      3.35% |         456      3.04%      6.39% |         454      3.03%      9.42% |         447      2.98%     12.41% |         461      3.08%     15.48% |         471      3.14%     18.63% |         461      3.08%     21.70% |         461      3.08%     24.78% |         468      3.12%     27.90% |         476      3.18%     31.08% |         487      3.25%     34.33% |         476      3.18%     37.50% |         492      3.28%     40.79% |         496      3.31%     44.10% |         500      3.34%     47.43% |         484      3.23%     50.66% |         487      3.25%     53.91% |         472      3.15%     57.06% |         468      3.12%     60.19% |         445      2.97%     63.16% |         439      2.93%     66.09% |         470      3.14%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         447      2.98%     75.20% |         474      3.16%     78.37% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         456      3.04%     87.85% |         450      3.00%     90.85% |         454      3.03%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7543      3.18%      3.18% |        7361      3.10%      6.28% |        7387      3.11%      9.39% |        7434      3.13%     12.53% |        7523      3.17%     15.70% |        7391      3.11%     18.81% |        7363      3.10%     21.92% |        7400      3.12%     25.03% |        7540      3.18%     28.21% |        7374      3.11%     31.32% |        7406      3.12%     34.44% |        7341      3.09%     37.53% |        7545      3.18%     40.71% |        7327      3.09%     43.80% |        7373      3.11%     46.91% |        7371      3.11%     50.02% |        7575      3.19%     53.21% |        7391      3.11%     56.32% |        7393      3.12%     59.44% |        7373      3.11%     62.55% |        7576      3.19%     65.74% |        7324      3.09%     68.83% |        7356      3.10%     71.93% |        7374      3.11%     75.03% |        7504      3.16%     78.20% |        7335      3.09%     81.29% |        7347      3.10%     84.38% |        7302      3.08%     87.46% |        7581      3.19%     90.66% |        7359      3.10%     93.76% |        7408      3.12%     96.88% |        7403      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       237280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59693      5.94%      5.94% |       31358      3.12%      9.07% |       30017      2.99%     12.06% |       30952      3.08%     15.14% |       30544      3.04%     18.18% |       29830      2.97%     21.15% |       29431      2.93%     24.08% |       29447      2.93%     27.02% |       30024      2.99%     30.01% |       30257      3.01%     33.02% |       31986      3.19%     36.20% |       32222      3.21%     39.41% |       30715      3.06%     42.47% |       30012      2.99%     45.46% |       29176      2.91%     48.37% |       29564      2.94%     51.31% |       30844      3.07%     54.38% |       30027      2.99%     57.37% |       30393      3.03%     60.40% |       30359      3.02%     63.42% |       30416      3.03%     66.45% |       32484      3.24%     69.69% |       29965      2.98%     72.67% |       29638      2.95%     75.62% |       30439      3.03%     78.66% |       30440      3.03%     81.69% |       29987      2.99%     84.67% |       29976      2.99%     87.66% |       30251      3.01%     90.67% |       29692      2.96%     93.63% |       30781      3.07%     96.69% |       33195      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1004115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         411      3.30%      3.30% |         375      3.01%      6.30% |         378      3.03%      9.34% |         372      2.98%     12.32% |         384      3.08%     15.40% |         380      3.05%     18.45% |         379      3.04%     21.49% |         383      3.07%     24.56% |         387      3.10%     27.67% |         398      3.19%     30.86% |         403      3.23%     34.09% |         395      3.17%     37.26% |         412      3.30%     40.56% |         413      3.31%     43.88% |         418      3.35%     47.23% |         405      3.25%     50.48% |         409      3.28%     53.76% |         396      3.18%     56.93% |         389      3.12%     60.05% |         369      2.96%     63.01% |         360      2.89%     65.90% |         385      3.09%     68.99% |         372      2.98%     71.97% |         370      2.97%     74.94% |         399      3.20%     78.14% |         404      3.24%     81.38% |         413      3.31%     84.70% |         384      3.08%     87.78% |         383      3.07%     90.85% |         379      3.04%     93.89% |         391      3.14%     97.02% |         371      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12467                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5276      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.15%      7.27% |        4063      3.18%     10.46% |        3975      3.11%     13.57% |        3976      3.11%     16.68% |        3965      3.10%     19.78% |        3968      3.11%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3968      3.11%     29.10% |        3997      3.13%     32.22% |        4014      3.14%     35.37% |        3929      3.08%     38.44% |        3947      3.09%     41.53% |        3972      3.11%     44.64% |        3964      3.10%     47.74% |        3924      3.07%     50.81% |        3965      3.10%     53.92% |        3936      3.08%     57.00% |        3940      3.08%     60.08% |        3948      3.09%     63.17% |        3942      3.09%     66.26% |        3953      3.09%     69.35% |        3956      3.10%     72.45% |        3904      3.06%     75.51% |        3929      3.08%     78.58% |        3946      3.09%     81.67% |        3911      3.06%     84.73% |        3898      3.05%     87.78% |        3916      3.07%     90.85% |        3891      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3917      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5163      3.12%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5175      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5185      3.13%     84.40% |        5174      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5184      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2652      3.12%      3.12% |        2614      3.07%      6.19% |        2653      3.12%      9.31% |        2636      3.10%     12.41% |        2743      3.23%     15.64% |        2737      3.22%     18.86% |        2790      3.28%     22.14% |        2653      3.12%     25.26% |        2707      3.18%     28.44% |        2632      3.10%     31.54% |        2698      3.17%     34.71% |        2624      3.09%     37.80% |        2666      3.14%     40.94% |        2670      3.14%     44.08% |        2742      3.22%     47.30% |        2699      3.17%     50.48% |        2677      3.15%     53.62% |        2616      3.08%     56.70% |        2689      3.16%     59.86% |        2628      3.09%     62.95% |        2646      3.11%     66.07% |        2595      3.05%     69.12% |        2623      3.09%     72.20% |        2603      3.06%     75.26% |        2701      3.18%     78.44% |        2569      3.02%     81.46% |        2636      3.10%     84.56% |        2599      3.06%     87.62% |        2662      3.13%     90.75% |        2620      3.08%     93.83% |        2644      3.11%     96.94% |        2600      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        85024                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         814      3.19%      3.19% |         790      3.09%      6.28% |         805      3.15%      9.43% |         821      3.22%     12.65% |         791      3.10%     15.75% |         819      3.21%     18.95% |         787      3.08%     22.04% |         816      3.20%     25.23% |         805      3.15%     28.38% |         796      3.12%     31.50% |         796      3.12%     34.62% |         780      3.05%     37.67% |         829      3.25%     40.92% |         773      3.03%     43.95% |         794      3.11%     47.06% |         793      3.11%     50.16% |         842      3.30%     53.46% |         829      3.25%     56.70% |         760      2.98%     59.68% |         769      3.01%     62.69% |         811      3.18%     65.87% |         798      3.12%     68.99% |         781      3.06%     72.05% |         782      3.06%     75.11% |         788      3.09%     78.20% |         804      3.15%     81.35% |         798      3.12%     84.47% |         762      2.98%     87.46% |         826      3.23%     90.69% |         783      3.07%     93.76% |         811      3.18%     96.93% |         783      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        25536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6710      3.18%      3.18% |        6546      3.10%      6.28% |        6558      3.11%      9.39% |        6597      3.13%     12.51% |        6714      3.18%     15.69% |        6551      3.10%     18.79% |        6556      3.11%     21.90% |        6560      3.11%     25.01% |        6707      3.18%     28.19% |        6564      3.11%     31.29% |        6577      3.12%     34.41% |        6536      3.10%     37.51% |        6706      3.18%     40.68% |        6534      3.10%     43.78% |        6557      3.11%     46.88% |        6557      3.11%     49.99% |        6719      3.18%     53.17% |        6540      3.10%     56.27% |        6630      3.14%     59.41% |        6587      3.12%     62.53% |        6738      3.19%     65.72% |        6517      3.09%     68.81% |        6555      3.11%     71.92% |        6575      3.11%     75.03% |        6698      3.17%     78.20% |        6516      3.09%     81.29% |        6532      3.09%     84.39% |        6524      3.09%     87.48% |        6730      3.19%     90.66% |        6545      3.10%     93.76% |        6573      3.11%     96.88% |        6591      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       211100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         469      3.28%      3.28% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.27% |         430      3.01%     12.28% |         443      3.10%     15.38% |         440      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.06%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.04% |         455      3.18%     37.23% |         472      3.30%     40.53% |         473      3.31%     43.83% |         476      3.33%     47.16% |         463      3.24%     50.40% |         467      3.27%     53.66% |         454      3.17%     56.84% |         449      3.14%     59.98% |         424      2.96%     62.94% |         416      2.91%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.87% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29093     21.43%     21.43% |        4168      3.07%     24.50% |        3107      2.29%     26.79% |        3929      2.89%     29.68% |        3253      2.40%     32.08% |        2995      2.21%     34.28% |        2777      2.05%     36.33% |        2790      2.05%     38.38% |        2837      2.09%     40.47% |        3388      2.50%     42.97% |        5151      3.79%     46.76% |        4977      3.67%     50.43% |        3633      2.68%     53.10% |        3327      2.45%     55.55% |        2528      1.86%     57.42% |        2882      2.12%     59.54% |        3701      2.73%     62.26% |        3286      2.42%     64.68% |        3444      2.54%     67.22% |        3402      2.51%     69.73% |        3258      2.40%     72.13% |        4628      3.41%     75.54% |        3088      2.27%     77.81% |        2866      2.11%     79.92% |        3032      2.23%     82.15% |        3537      2.61%     84.76% |        3082      2.27%     87.03% |        2690      1.98%     89.01% |        3023      2.23%     91.24% |        2775      2.04%     93.28% |        3324      2.45%     95.73% |        5798      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1855      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1636      2.95%     18.49% |        1531      2.76%     21.24% |        1374      2.48%     23.72% |        1413      2.55%     26.26% |        1553      2.80%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.81% |        1512      2.72%     34.53% |        2030      3.66%     38.19% |        1459      2.63%     40.82% |        1373      2.47%     43.29% |        1352      2.44%     45.72% |        1440      2.59%     48.32% |        1525      2.75%     51.07% |        1480      2.67%     53.73% |        1653      2.98%     56.71% |        1728      3.11%     59.82% |        1535      2.77%     62.59% |        2583      4.65%     67.24% |        1599      2.88%     70.12% |        1562      2.81%     72.94% |        1825      3.29%     76.23% |        1678      3.02%     79.25% |        1699      3.06%     82.31% |        2081      3.75%     86.06% |        1627      2.93%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.06% |        2274      4.10%     96.16% |        2132      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55508                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8028      3.66%      3.66% |        6806      3.11%      6.77% |        6822      3.11%      9.89% |        6798      3.10%     12.99% |        6796      3.10%     16.09% |        6799      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6799      3.10%     25.40% |        6814      3.11%     28.51% |        6819      3.11%     31.62% |        6827      3.12%     34.74% |        6823      3.11%     37.85% |        6803      3.11%     40.96% |        6837      3.12%     44.08% |        6806      3.11%     47.18% |        6802      3.11%     50.29% |        6846      3.13%     53.41% |        6821      3.11%     56.53% |        6827      3.12%     59.65% |        6827      3.12%     62.76% |        6806      3.11%     65.87% |        6841      3.12%     68.99% |        6826      3.12%     72.11% |        6781      3.10%     75.20% |        6797      3.10%     78.31% |        6806      3.11%     81.41% |        6792      3.10%     84.51% |        6788      3.10%     87.61% |        6781      3.10%     90.71% |        6771      3.09%     93.80% |        6790      3.10%     96.90% |        6797      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219064                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1308      3.44%      3.44% |        1245      3.27%      6.71% |        1280      3.36%     10.07% |        1222      3.21%     13.28% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1197      3.15%     19.61% |        1206      3.17%     22.78% |        1189      3.12%     25.91% |        1195      3.14%     29.05% |        1225      3.22%     32.27% |        1216      3.20%     35.46% |        1168      3.07%     38.53% |        1195      3.14%     41.67% |        1187      3.12%     44.79% |        1199      3.15%     47.94% |        1157      3.04%     50.98% |        1169      3.07%     54.05% |        1164      3.06%     57.11% |        1161      3.05%     60.16% |        1169      3.07%     63.24% |        1180      3.10%     66.34% |        1165      3.06%     69.40% |        1169      3.07%     72.47% |        1158      3.04%     75.51% |        1173      3.08%     78.60% |        1189      3.12%     81.72% |        1171      3.08%     84.80% |        1154      3.03%     87.83% |        1181      3.10%     90.93% |        1160      3.05%     93.98% |        1145      3.01%     96.99% |        1145      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7543      3.18%      3.18% |        7361      3.10%      6.28% |        7387      3.11%      9.39% |        7434      3.13%     12.53% |        7523      3.17%     15.70% |        7391      3.11%     18.81% |        7363      3.10%     21.92% |        7400      3.12%     25.03% |        7540      3.18%     28.21% |        7374      3.11%     31.32% |        7406      3.12%     34.44% |        7341      3.09%     37.53% |        7545      3.18%     40.71% |        7327      3.09%     43.80% |        7373      3.11%     46.91% |        7371      3.11%     50.02% |        7575      3.19%     53.21% |        7391      3.11%     56.32% |        7393      3.12%     59.44% |        7373      3.11%     62.55% |        7576      3.19%     65.74% |        7324      3.09%     68.83% |        7356      3.10%     71.93% |        7374      3.11%     75.03% |        7504      3.16%     78.20% |        7335      3.09%     81.29% |        7347      3.10%     84.38% |        7302      3.08%     87.46% |        7581      3.19%     90.66% |        7359      3.10%     93.76% |        7408      3.12%     96.88% |        7403      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       237280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        9061      3.19%      3.19% |        8840      3.11%      6.31% |        8798      3.10%      9.40% |        8772      3.09%     12.49% |        9052      3.19%     15.68% |        8831      3.11%     18.79% |        8849      3.12%     21.91% |        8785      3.09%     25.00% |        9008      3.17%     28.18% |        8852      3.12%     31.29% |        8797      3.10%     34.39% |        8808      3.10%     37.49% |        9003      3.17%     40.67% |        8888      3.13%     43.80% |        8841      3.11%     46.91% |        8842      3.11%     50.02% |        8957      3.15%     53.18% |        8813      3.10%     56.28% |        8830      3.11%     59.39% |        8782      3.09%     62.49% |        8980      3.16%     65.65% |        8854      3.12%     68.77% |        8849      3.12%     71.89% |        8820      3.11%     74.99% |        9032      3.18%     78.17% |        8821      3.11%     81.28% |        8820      3.11%     84.39% |        8889      3.13%     87.52% |        8986      3.17%     90.68% |        8847      3.12%     93.80% |        8764      3.09%     96.89% |        8842      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       283913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42861      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13672      2.86%     14.97% |       14591      3.05%     18.02% |       13813      2.89%     20.92% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13064      2.73%     26.46% |       13107      2.74%     29.21% |       13316      2.79%     31.99% |       13872      2.90%     34.90% |       15622      3.27%     38.17% |       15916      3.33%     41.50% |       14011      2.93%     44.43% |       13642      2.86%     47.29% |       12805      2.68%     49.97% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14158      2.96%     55.69% |       13669      2.86%     58.55% |       14015      2.93%     61.48% |       14043      2.94%     64.42% |       13692      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.67% |       13599      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13749      2.88%     79.17% |       14131      2.96%     82.13% |       13664      2.86%     84.99% |       13629      2.85%     87.84% |       13530      2.83%     90.67% |       13330      2.79%     93.46% |       14450      3.02%     96.49% |       16791      3.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      9.09%     18.18% |           1      9.09%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           1      9.09%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           1      9.09%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      9.09%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.26%      4.26% |          21      2.71%      6.98% |          23      2.97%      9.95% |          21      2.71%     12.66% |          23      2.97%     15.63% |          27      3.49%     19.12% |          25      3.23%     22.35% |          23      2.97%     25.32% |          26      3.36%     28.68% |          22      2.84%     31.52% |          25      3.23%     34.75% |          22      2.84%     37.60% |          23      2.97%     40.57% |          24      3.10%     43.67% |          24      3.10%     46.77% |          23      2.97%     49.74% |          22      2.84%     52.58% |          23      2.97%     55.56% |          22      2.84%     58.40% |          27      3.49%     61.89% |          29      3.75%     65.63% |          36      4.65%     70.28% |          25      3.23%     73.51% |          26      3.36%     76.87% |          20      2.58%     79.46% |          21      2.71%     82.17% |          21      2.71%     84.88% |          24      3.10%     87.98% |          20      2.58%     90.57% |          23      2.97%     93.54% |          26      3.36%     96.90% |          24      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9936      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.13%      6.76% |        8589      3.14%      9.91% |        8499      3.11%     13.02% |        8499      3.11%     16.13% |        8495      3.11%     19.24% |        8484      3.11%     22.34% |        8480      3.10%     25.45% |        8509      3.11%     28.56% |        8553      3.13%     31.69% |        8561      3.13%     34.83% |        8497      3.11%     37.94% |        8521      3.12%     41.06% |        8547      3.13%     44.18% |        8534      3.12%     47.31% |        8471      3.10%     50.41% |        8531      3.12%     53.53% |        8488      3.11%     56.64% |        8487      3.11%     59.74% |        8475      3.10%     62.85% |        8461      3.10%     65.94% |        8514      3.12%     69.06% |        8479      3.10%     72.16% |        8420      3.08%     75.25% |        8478      3.10%     78.35% |        8507      3.11%     81.46% |        8485      3.11%     84.57% |        8431      3.09%     87.65% |        8448      3.09%     90.75% |        8418      3.08%     93.83% |        8436      3.09%     96.92% |        8425      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.99%      1.99% |           2      1.00%      2.99% |           6      2.99%      5.97% |           5      2.49%      8.46% |           7      3.48%     11.94% |           4      1.99%     13.93% |           5      2.49%     16.42% |           7      3.48%     19.90% |           8      3.98%     23.88% |           6      2.99%     26.87% |           6      2.99%     29.85% |           4      1.99%     31.84% |           6      2.99%     34.83% |           4      1.99%     36.82% |           5      2.49%     39.30% |           5      2.49%     41.79% |           5      2.49%     44.28% |           6      2.99%     47.26% |           5      2.49%     49.75% |           9      4.48%     54.23% |           9      4.48%     58.71% |          10      4.98%     63.68% |           8      3.98%     67.66% |          10      4.98%     72.64% |           7      3.48%     76.12% |           7      3.48%     79.60% |           7      3.48%     83.08% |           8      3.98%     87.06% |           8      3.98%     91.04% |           6      2.99%     94.03% |          10      4.98%     99.00% |           2      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.06%      5.06% |          19      3.32%      8.38% |          17      2.97%     11.34% |          16      2.79%     14.14% |          16      2.79%     16.93% |          23      4.01%     20.94% |          20      3.49%     24.43% |          16      2.79%     27.23% |          18      3.14%     30.37% |          16      2.79%     33.16% |          19      3.32%     36.47% |          18      3.14%     39.62% |          17      2.97%     42.58% |          20      3.49%     46.07% |          19      3.32%     49.39% |          18      3.14%     52.53% |          17      2.97%     55.50% |          17      2.97%     58.46% |          17      2.97%     61.43% |          18      3.14%     64.57% |          20      3.49%     68.06% |          26      4.54%     72.60% |          17      2.97%     75.57% |          16      2.79%     78.36% |          13      2.27%     80.63% |          14      2.44%     83.07% |          14      2.44%     85.51% |          16      2.79%     88.31% |          12      2.09%     90.40% |          17      2.97%     93.37% |          16      2.79%     96.16% |          22      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         388      3.08%      3.08% |         394      3.13%      6.20% |         336      2.67%      8.87% |         405      3.21%     12.08% |         406      3.22%     15.30% |         405      3.21%     18.51% |         405      3.21%     21.73% |         402      3.19%     24.91% |         403      3.20%     28.11% |         400      3.17%     31.28% |         300      2.38%     33.66% |         400      3.17%     36.84% |         406      3.22%     40.06% |         402      3.19%     43.25% |         406      3.22%     46.47% |         396      3.14%     49.61% |         402      3.19%     52.80% |         395      3.13%     55.93% |         402      3.19%     59.12% |         399      3.16%     62.28% |         399      3.16%     65.45% |         400      3.17%     68.62% |         396      3.14%     71.76% |         397      3.15%     74.91% |         393      3.12%     78.03% |         396      3.14%     81.17% |         393      3.12%     84.29% |         398      3.16%     87.44% |         395      3.13%     90.58% |         399      3.16%     93.74% |         394      3.13%     96.87% |         395      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12607                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         469      3.28%      3.28% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.27% |         430      3.01%     12.28% |         443      3.10%     15.38% |         440      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.06%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.04% |         455      3.18%     37.23% |         472      3.30%     40.53% |         473      3.31%     43.83% |         476      3.33%     47.16% |         463      3.24%     50.40% |         467      3.27%     53.66% |         454      3.17%     56.84% |         449      3.14%     59.98% |         424      2.96%     62.94% |         416      2.91%     65.85% |         439      3.07%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.94% |         460      3.22%     78.16% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         472      3.30%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.06%     90.83% |         436      3.05%     93.87% |         447      3.13%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.49%     32.49% |           1      0.51%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           2      1.02%     34.01% |           3      1.52%     35.53% |           1      0.51%     36.04% |           2      1.02%     37.06% |         108     54.82%     91.88% |           1      0.51%     92.39% |           2      1.02%     93.40% |           2      1.02%     94.42% |           2      1.02%     95.43% |           2      1.02%     96.45% |           2      1.02%     97.46% |           1      0.51%     97.97% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          37      3.05%      3.05% |          30      2.48%      5.53% |          31      2.56%      8.09% |          41      3.38%     11.47% |          41      3.38%     14.85% |          36      2.97%     17.82% |          41      3.38%     21.20% |          38      3.14%     24.34% |          32      2.64%     26.98% |          45      3.71%     30.69% |          29      2.39%     33.09% |          35      2.89%     35.97% |          48      3.96%     39.93% |          41      3.38%     43.32% |          36      2.97%     46.29% |          40      3.30%     49.59% |          46      3.80%     53.38% |          37      3.05%     56.44% |          46      3.80%     60.23% |          39      3.22%     63.45% |          31      2.56%     66.01% |          49      4.04%     70.05% |          38      3.14%     73.18% |          41      3.38%     76.57% |          39      3.22%     79.79% |          43      3.55%     83.33% |          40      3.30%     86.63% |          42      3.47%     90.10% |          30      2.48%     92.57% |          27      2.23%     94.80% |          34      2.81%     97.61% |          29      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5239      4.14%      4.14% |        3988      3.15%      7.29% |        4032      3.19%     10.48% |        3934      3.11%     13.59% |        3935      3.11%     16.70% |        3929      3.10%     19.80% |        3927      3.10%     22.90% |        3924      3.10%     26.01% |        3936      3.11%     29.12% |        3952      3.12%     32.24% |        3985      3.15%     35.39% |        3894      3.08%     38.47% |        3899      3.08%     41.55% |        3931      3.11%     44.65% |        3928      3.10%     47.76% |        3884      3.07%     50.83% |        3919      3.10%     53.92% |        3899      3.08%     57.00% |        3894      3.08%     60.08% |        3909      3.09%     63.17% |        3911      3.09%     66.26% |        3904      3.09%     69.35% |        3918      3.10%     72.44% |        3863      3.05%     75.50% |        3890      3.07%     78.57% |        3903      3.08%     81.65% |        3871      3.06%     84.71% |        3856      3.05%     87.76% |        3886      3.07%     90.83% |        3864      3.05%     93.88% |        3851      3.04%     96.93% |        3888      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126543                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.28%      3.28% |         405      2.96%      6.24% |         408      2.98%      9.22% |         413      3.02%     12.24% |         425      3.11%     15.35% |         416      3.04%     18.39% |         420      3.07%     21.46% |         421      3.08%     24.54% |         419      3.06%     27.60% |         443      3.24%     30.84% |         432      3.16%     34.00% |         430      3.14%     37.14% |         460      3.36%     40.51% |         454      3.32%     43.83% |         454      3.32%     47.14% |         445      3.25%     50.40% |         455      3.33%     53.73% |         433      3.17%     56.89% |         435      3.18%     60.07% |         408      2.98%     63.05% |         391      2.86%     65.91% |         434      3.17%     69.09% |         410      3.00%     72.08% |         411      3.01%     75.09% |         438      3.20%     78.29% |         447      3.27%     81.56% |         453      3.31%     84.87% |         425      3.11%     87.98% |         413      3.02%     91.00% |         406      2.97%     93.97% |         425      3.11%     97.08% |         400      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13677                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5273      3.18%      3.18% |        5171      3.12%      6.30% |        5173      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5163      3.12%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5178      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5180      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5200      3.14%     68.78% |        5175      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5185      3.13%     84.40% |        5174      3.12%     87.52% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5172      3.12%     93.76% |        5184      3.13%     96.89% |        5161      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165746                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          67      3.13%      3.13% |          65      3.04%      6.17% |          49      2.29%      8.46% |          68      3.18%     11.64% |          64      2.99%     14.63% |          60      2.81%     17.44% |          64      2.99%     20.43% |          60      2.81%     23.24% |          73      3.41%     26.65% |          71      3.32%     29.97% |          65      3.04%     33.01% |          63      2.95%     35.95% |          65      3.04%     38.99% |          59      2.76%     41.75% |          71      3.32%     45.07% |          62      2.90%     47.97% |          55      2.57%     50.54% |          65      3.04%     53.58% |          74      3.46%     57.04% |          79      3.69%     60.73% |          68      3.18%     63.91% |          68      3.18%     67.09% |          64      2.99%     70.08% |          77      3.60%     73.68% |          68      3.18%     76.86% |          73      3.41%     80.27% |          84      3.93%     84.20% |          82      3.83%     88.03% |          57      2.66%     90.70% |          61      2.85%     93.55% |          73      3.41%     96.96% |          65      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         2139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          75      2.11%      2.11% |          79      2.23%      4.34% |          89      2.51%      6.85% |          93      2.62%      9.47% |          74      2.09%     11.56% |          93      2.62%     14.18% |          94      2.65%     16.83% |         103      2.90%     19.73% |         106      2.99%     22.72% |          74      2.09%     24.80% |          85      2.40%     27.20% |         147      4.14%     31.34% |         140      3.95%     35.29% |         134      3.78%     39.06% |         115      3.24%     42.31% |         104      2.93%     45.24% |         113      3.18%     48.42% |         110      3.10%     51.52% |         130      3.66%     55.19% |         137      3.86%     59.05% |         117      3.30%     62.34% |         112      3.16%     65.50% |         125      3.52%     69.02% |         135      3.80%     72.83% |         149      4.20%     77.03% |         147      4.14%     81.17% |         156      4.40%     85.57% |         131      3.69%     89.26% |          75      2.11%     91.38% |         112      3.16%     94.53% |          90      2.54%     97.07% |         104      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3548                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         118      2.26%      2.26% |         138      2.65%      4.91% |         132      2.53%      7.44% |         144      2.76%     10.21% |         129      2.47%     12.68% |         159      3.05%     15.73% |         122      2.34%     18.07% |         150      2.88%     20.95% |         145      2.78%     23.73% |         146      2.80%     26.53% |         160      3.07%     29.60% |         167      3.20%     32.80% |         162      3.11%     35.91% |         163      3.13%     39.04% |         164      3.15%     42.18% |         175      3.36%     45.54% |         171      3.28%     48.82% |         150      2.88%     51.70% |         159      3.05%     54.75% |         210      4.03%     58.78% |         177      3.40%     62.17% |         170      3.26%     65.43% |         164      3.15%     68.58% |         209      4.01%     72.59% |         212      4.07%     76.65% |         215      4.12%     80.78% |         212      4.07%     84.85% |         236      4.53%     89.37% |         136      2.61%     91.98% |         147      2.82%     94.80% |         140      2.69%     97.49% |         131      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         5213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7524      3.18%      3.18% |        7336      3.10%      6.28% |        7363      3.11%      9.39% |        7418      3.13%     12.53% |        7505      3.17%     15.70% |        7370      3.11%     18.81% |        7343      3.10%     21.92% |        7376      3.12%     25.03% |        7512      3.17%     28.21% |        7360      3.11%     31.32% |        7373      3.12%     34.43% |        7316      3.09%     37.52% |        7535      3.18%     40.71% |        7307      3.09%     43.80% |        7351      3.11%     46.90% |        7350      3.11%     50.01% |        7561      3.20%     53.20% |        7369      3.11%     56.32% |        7390      3.12%     59.44% |        7356      3.11%     62.55% |        7549      3.19%     65.74% |        7315      3.09%     68.83% |        7336      3.10%     71.93% |        7357      3.11%     75.04% |        7486      3.16%     78.20% |        7320      3.09%     81.30% |        7330      3.10%     84.39% |        7286      3.08%     87.47% |        7556      3.19%     90.67% |        7328      3.10%     93.76% |        7384      3.12%     96.88% |        7374      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       236636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         133      2.60%      2.60% |         136      2.66%      5.27% |         141      2.76%      8.03% |         143      2.80%     10.83% |         152      2.98%     13.80% |         139      2.72%     16.53% |         151      2.96%     19.48% |         139      2.72%     22.20% |         159      3.11%     25.32% |         141      2.76%     28.08% |         139      2.72%     30.80% |         172      3.37%     34.17% |         151      2.96%     37.13% |         184      3.60%     40.73% |         156      3.05%     43.78% |         153      3.00%     46.78% |         144      2.82%     49.60% |         177      3.47%     53.06% |         175      3.43%     56.49% |         188      3.68%     60.17% |         187      3.66%     63.83% |         163      3.19%     67.03% |         173      3.39%     70.41% |         167      3.27%     73.68% |         194      3.80%     77.48% |         158      3.09%     80.58% |         179      3.50%     84.08% |         189      3.70%     87.78% |         147      2.88%     90.66% |         181      3.54%     94.20% |         122      2.39%     96.59% |         174      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          88      2.36%      2.36% |          97      2.61%      4.97% |          67      1.80%      6.77% |          88      2.36%      9.13% |          88      2.36%     11.50% |         119      3.20%     14.69% |         103      2.77%     17.46% |         108      2.90%     20.36% |         105      2.82%     23.18% |          95      2.55%     25.73% |         110      2.95%     28.69% |         121      3.25%     31.94% |         115      3.09%     35.03% |         125      3.36%     38.38% |         135      3.63%     42.01% |         118      3.17%     45.18% |         109      2.93%     48.11% |         115      3.09%     51.20% |         146      3.92%     55.12% |         170      4.57%     59.68% |         109      2.93%     62.61% |         112      3.01%     65.62% |         120      3.22%     68.84% |         164      4.41%     73.25% |         162      4.35%     77.60% |         136      3.65%     81.25% |         142      3.81%     85.07% |         167      4.49%     89.55% |          89      2.39%     91.94% |         105      2.82%     94.76% |          90      2.42%     97.18% |         105      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3723                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           1     10.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           1     10.00%     40.00% |           1     10.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       52169      6.80%      6.80% |       24022      3.13%      9.93% |       22654      2.95%     12.88% |       23534      3.07%     15.95% |       23039      3.00%     18.95% |       22460      2.93%     21.87% |       22088      2.88%     24.75% |       22071      2.88%     27.63% |       22512      2.93%     30.56% |       22897      2.98%     33.54% |       24613      3.21%     36.75% |       24906      3.25%     40.00% |       23180      3.02%     43.02% |       22705      2.96%     45.98% |       21825      2.84%     48.82% |       22214      2.89%     51.71% |       23283      3.03%     54.75% |       22658      2.95%     57.70% |       23003      3.00%     60.70% |       23003      3.00%     63.69% |       22867      2.98%     66.67% |       25169      3.28%     69.95% |       22629      2.95%     72.90% |       22281      2.90%     75.80% |       22953      2.99%     78.79% |       23120      3.01%     81.81% |       22657      2.95%     84.76% |       22690      2.96%     87.72% |       22695      2.96%     90.67% |       22364      2.91%     93.59% |       23397      3.05%     96.64% |       25821      3.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       767479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          67      2.02%      2.02% |          96      2.89%      4.90% |          61      1.83%      6.74% |          73      2.20%      8.93% |          67      2.02%     10.95% |          94      2.83%     13.77% |          80      2.41%     16.18% |          90      2.71%     18.89% |          98      2.95%     21.83% |          78      2.35%     24.18% |          94      2.83%     27.01% |         113      3.40%     30.41% |         107      3.22%     33.62% |         122      3.67%     37.29% |         108      3.25%     40.54% |         115      3.46%     44.00% |          98      2.95%     46.95% |         108      3.25%     50.20% |          97      2.92%     53.11% |         139      4.18%     57.29% |         124      3.73%     61.02% |          98      2.95%     63.97% |         120      3.61%     67.58% |         142      4.27%     71.85% |         160      4.81%     76.66% |         118      3.55%     80.21% |         151      4.54%     84.75% |         146      4.39%     89.14% |          77      2.32%     91.46% |         117      3.52%     94.98% |          76      2.29%     97.26% |          91      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3325                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          37      2.21%      2.21% |          34      2.03%      4.24% |          41      2.45%      6.68% |          44      2.63%      9.31% |          45      2.68%     11.99% |          44      2.63%     14.62% |          45      2.68%     17.30% |          39      2.33%     19.63% |          45      2.68%     22.32% |          40      2.39%     24.70% |          57      3.40%     28.10% |          68      4.06%     32.16% |          52      3.10%     35.26% |          57      3.40%     38.66% |          55      3.28%     41.95% |          58      3.46%     45.41% |          53      3.16%     48.57% |          59      3.52%     52.09% |          54      3.22%     55.31% |          63      3.76%     59.07% |          62      3.70%     62.77% |          39      2.33%     65.10% |          47      2.80%     67.90% |          63      3.76%     71.66% |          69      4.12%     75.78% |          59      3.52%     79.30% |          81      4.83%     84.13% |          67      4.00%     88.13% |          49      2.92%     91.05% |          55      3.28%     94.33% |          48      2.86%     97.20% |          47      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1676                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          15      3.26%      3.26% |          17      3.70%      6.96% |          13      2.83%      9.78% |          14      3.04%     12.83% |          17      3.70%     16.52% |          14      3.04%     19.57% |          14      3.04%     22.61% |          15      3.26%     25.87% |          11      2.39%     28.26% |          15      3.26%     31.52% |          14      3.04%     34.57% |          14      3.04%     37.61% |          17      3.70%     41.30% |           8      1.74%     43.04% |          10      2.17%     45.22% |          21      4.57%     49.78% |          21      4.57%     54.35% |          15      3.26%     57.61% |          11      2.39%     60.00% |          17      3.70%     63.70% |          11      2.39%     66.09% |          18      3.91%     70.00% |           8      1.74%     71.74% |          10      2.17%     73.91% |          10      2.17%     76.09% |          20      4.35%     80.43% |          17      3.70%     84.13% |          20      4.35%     88.48% |          13      2.83%     91.30% |          12      2.61%     93.91% |          15      3.26%     97.17% |          13      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6785      3.25%      3.25% |        6598      3.16%      6.40% |        6523      3.12%      9.52% |        6552      3.13%     12.65% |        6713      3.21%     15.87% |        6497      3.11%     18.97% |        6453      3.09%     22.06% |        6452      3.09%     25.15% |        6584      3.15%     28.29% |        6487      3.10%     31.40% |        6543      3.13%     34.53% |        6420      3.07%     37.60% |        6647      3.18%     40.78% |        6430      3.08%     43.85% |        6537      3.13%     46.98% |        6560      3.14%     50.12% |        6696      3.20%     53.32% |        6444      3.08%     56.40% |        6481      3.10%     59.50% |        6464      3.09%     62.59% |        6622      3.17%     65.76% |        6450      3.09%     68.85% |        6527      3.12%     71.97% |        6550      3.13%     75.10% |        6561      3.14%     78.24% |        6488      3.10%     81.34% |        6449      3.08%     84.43% |        6407      3.06%     87.49% |        6738      3.22%     90.71% |        6388      3.06%     93.77% |        6572      3.14%     96.91% |        6455      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       209073                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         699      3.18%      3.18% |         695      3.16%      6.34% |         689      3.14%      9.48% |         685      3.12%     12.60% |         690      3.14%     15.74% |         689      3.14%     18.87% |         687      3.13%     22.00% |         683      3.11%     25.11% |         699      3.18%     28.29% |         681      3.10%     31.39% |         678      3.09%     34.48% |         690      3.14%     37.62% |         689      3.14%     40.75% |         671      3.05%     43.81% |         688      3.13%     46.94% |         690      3.14%     50.08% |         694      3.16%     53.24% |         696      3.17%     56.40% |         669      3.04%     59.45% |         678      3.09%     62.53% |         699      3.18%     65.72% |         673      3.06%     68.78% |         683      3.11%     71.89% |         679      3.09%     74.98% |         693      3.15%     78.13% |         686      3.12%     81.25% |         678      3.09%     84.34% |         676      3.08%     87.42% |         691      3.14%     90.56% |         696      3.17%     93.73% |         697      3.17%     96.90% |         681      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        21972                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          59      0.95%      0.95% |          68      1.09%      2.04% |         175      2.81%      4.84% |         197      3.16%      8.00% |         120      1.92%      9.93% |         205      3.29%     13.22% |         223      3.58%     16.79% |         265      4.25%     21.04% |         257      4.12%     25.16% |         206      3.30%     28.47% |         185      2.97%     31.44% |         231      3.70%     35.14% |         209      3.35%     38.49% |         226      3.62%     42.12% |         148      2.37%     44.49% |         121      1.94%     46.43% |         185      2.97%     49.40% |         251      4.03%     53.42% |         243      3.90%     57.32% |         231      3.70%     61.03% |         255      4.09%     65.12% |         201      3.22%     68.34% |         146      2.34%     70.68% |         145      2.33%     73.01% |         250      4.01%     77.02% |         161      2.58%     79.60% |         220      3.53%     83.13% |         219      3.51%     86.64% |         152      2.44%     89.08% |         275      4.41%     93.49% |         139      2.23%     95.72% |         267      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6235                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          58      0.99%      0.99% |          65      1.11%      2.11% |         159      2.72%      4.83% |         188      3.22%      8.05% |         114      1.95%     10.00% |         196      3.36%     13.35% |         209      3.58%     16.93% |         247      4.23%     21.16% |         241      4.13%     25.28% |         196      3.36%     28.64% |         164      2.81%     31.44% |         217      3.71%     35.16% |         201      3.44%     38.60% |         209      3.58%     42.18% |         139      2.38%     44.56% |         115      1.97%     46.53% |         176      3.01%     49.54% |         237      4.06%     53.59% |         230      3.94%     57.53% |         221      3.78%     61.31% |         237      4.06%     65.37% |         187      3.20%     68.57% |         132      2.26%     70.83% |         135      2.31%     73.14% |         242      4.14%     77.29% |         151      2.58%     79.87% |         204      3.49%     83.36% |         208      3.56%     86.92% |         136      2.33%     89.25% |         255      4.36%     93.62% |         135      2.31%     95.93% |         238      4.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5842                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1      0.25%      0.25% |           3      0.76%      1.02% |          16      4.07%      5.09% |           9      2.29%      7.38% |           6      1.53%      8.91% |           9      2.29%     11.20% |          14      3.56%     14.76% |          18      4.58%     19.34% |          16      4.07%     23.41% |          10      2.54%     25.95% |          21      5.34%     31.30% |          14      3.56%     34.86% |           8      2.04%     36.90% |          17      4.33%     41.22% |           9      2.29%     43.51% |           6      1.53%     45.04% |           9      2.29%     47.33% |          14      3.56%     50.89% |          13      3.31%     54.20% |          10      2.54%     56.74% |          18      4.58%     61.32% |          14      3.56%     64.89% |          14      3.56%     68.45% |          10      2.54%     70.99% |           8      2.04%     73.03% |          10      2.54%     75.57% |          16      4.07%     79.64% |          11      2.80%     82.44% |          16      4.07%     86.51% |          20      5.09%     91.60% |           4      1.02%     92.62% |          29      7.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          30      2.53%      2.53% |          40      3.38%      5.91% |          33      2.79%      8.70% |          57      4.81%     13.51% |          43      3.63%     17.15% |          34      2.87%     20.02% |          33      2.79%     22.80% |          38      3.21%     26.01% |          33      2.79%     28.80% |          32      2.70%     31.50% |          32      2.70%     34.21% |          34      2.87%     37.08% |          38      3.21%     40.29% |          31      2.62%     42.91% |          44      3.72%     46.62% |          41      3.46%     50.08% |          35      2.96%     53.04% |          51      4.31%     57.35% |          50      4.22%     61.57% |          33      2.79%     64.36% |          33      2.79%     67.15% |          37      3.12%     70.27% |          28      2.36%     72.64% |          23      1.94%     74.58% |          24      2.03%     76.60% |          43      3.63%     80.24% |          43      3.63%     83.87% |          32      2.70%     86.57% |          43      3.63%     90.20% |          29      2.45%     92.65% |          45      3.80%     96.45% |          42      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1184                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |           3      0.65%      0.65% |          16      3.46%      4.10% |          13      2.81%      6.91% |          13      2.81%      9.72% |           7      1.51%     11.23% |          18      3.89%     15.12% |          11      2.38%     17.49% |          13      2.81%     20.30% |          15      3.24%     23.54% |          12      2.59%     26.13% |          17      3.67%     29.81% |           9      1.94%     31.75% |          23      4.97%     36.72% |          13      2.81%     39.52% |          16      3.46%     42.98% |          24      5.18%     48.16% |          15      3.24%     51.40% |          10      2.16%     53.56% |          11      2.38%     55.94% |          13      2.81%     58.75% |          19      4.10%     62.85% |          18      3.89%     66.74% |          16      3.46%     70.19% |          18      3.89%     74.08% |          19      4.10%     78.19% |          14      3.02%     81.21% |          12      2.59%     83.80% |          12      2.59%     86.39% |          19      4.10%     90.50% |          15      3.24%     93.74% |          17      3.67%     97.41% |          12      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          463                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          14      4.07%      4.07% |          17      4.94%      9.01% |           6      1.74%     10.76% |          10      2.91%     13.66% |           7      2.03%     15.70% |          14      4.07%     19.77% |          10      2.91%     22.67% |           8      2.33%     25.00% |           8      2.33%     27.33% |          10      2.91%     30.23% |          16      4.65%     34.88% |           5      1.45%     36.34% |           7      2.03%     38.37% |           8      2.33%     40.70% |          11      3.20%     43.90% |           7      2.03%     45.93% |           9      2.62%     48.55% |          10      2.91%     51.45% |          11      3.20%     54.65% |          21      6.10%     60.76% |          10      2.91%     63.66% |          14      4.07%     67.73% |          14      4.07%     71.80% |          10      2.91%     74.71% |          12      3.49%     78.20% |          11      3.20%     81.40% |          14      4.07%     85.47% |          17      4.94%     90.41% |          12      3.49%     93.90% |           7      2.03%     95.93% |           6      1.74%     97.67% |           8      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7484      3.24%      3.24% |        7293      3.16%      6.40% |        7212      3.12%      9.52% |        7237      3.13%     12.65% |        7403      3.20%     15.85% |        7186      3.11%     18.96% |        7140      3.09%     22.05% |        7135      3.09%     25.14% |        7283      3.15%     28.29% |        7168      3.10%     31.40% |        7221      3.13%     34.52% |        7110      3.08%     37.60% |        7336      3.18%     40.77% |        7101      3.07%     43.85% |        7225      3.13%     46.98% |        7250      3.14%     50.11% |        7390      3.20%     53.31% |        7140      3.09%     56.40% |        7150      3.09%     59.50% |        7142      3.09%     62.59% |        7321      3.17%     65.76% |        7123      3.08%     68.84% |        7210      3.12%     71.96% |        7229      3.13%     75.09% |        7254      3.14%     78.23% |        7174      3.11%     81.33% |        7127      3.08%     84.42% |        7083      3.07%     87.48% |        7429      3.22%     90.70% |        7084      3.07%     93.77% |        7269      3.15%     96.91% |        7136      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       231045                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      303235     17.92%     17.92% |      846045     50.00%     67.92% |       67807      4.01%     71.93% |       74190      4.38%     76.31% |       66829      3.95%     80.26% |       72779      4.30%     84.56% |       67803      4.01%     88.57% |       73848      4.36%     92.93% |       57967      3.43%     96.36% |       61587      3.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1692090                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      303235     17.92%     17.92% |      846045     50.00%     67.92% |       67807      4.01%     71.93% |       74190      4.38%     76.31% |       66829      3.95%     80.26% |       72779      4.30%     84.56% |       67803      4.01%     88.57% |       73848      4.36%     92.93% |       57967      3.43%     96.36% |       61587      3.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1692090                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      303235     17.92%     17.92% |      846045     50.00%     67.92% |       67807      4.01%     71.93% |       74190      4.38%     76.31% |       66829      3.95%     80.26% |       72779      4.30%     84.56% |       67803      4.01%     88.57% |       73848      4.36%     92.93% |       57967      3.43%     96.36% |       61587      3.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1692090                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      303235     17.92%     17.92% |      846045     50.00%     67.92% |       67807      4.01%     71.93% |       74190      4.38%     76.31% |       66829      3.95%     80.26% |       72779      4.30%     84.56% |       67803      4.01%     88.57% |       73848      4.36%     92.93% |       57967      3.43%     96.36% |       61587      3.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1692090                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
