
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093283                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93283387500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269451466000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24363                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    42979                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53426568                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6131168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1746.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42537369                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75042116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21117504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    226380115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            226380115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127712000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127712000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    354092115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           354092115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186147                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186147                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21115136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21117504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2969                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1811                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93282797500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186147                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 158602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  41309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  30700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  3540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   189                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  36014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       154725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.459906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   159.716059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.958491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49249     31.83%     31.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45869     29.65%     61.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42857     27.70%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6529      4.22%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3864      2.50%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2059      1.33%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1432      0.93%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          923      0.60%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1943      1.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       154725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.787677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.709951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33700     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.522339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.581595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31508     93.47%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1563      4.64%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          335      0.99%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          302      0.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12438905175                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18624980175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1649620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    37702.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               56452.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      226.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   226.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  248961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 112372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180742.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15194060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3114800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74971677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              591071040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              578574360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              322509000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              315690375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291758000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281508800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604292400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601875360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38853363150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38137905135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21885823500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22513418250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69641365890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69521521080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.587833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.303041                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20691136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20691136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11495552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11495552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221809441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221809441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123232575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123232575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    345042015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           345042015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323299                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323299                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20689216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11495552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20691136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11495552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1824                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1701                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93282557500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323299                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 155752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  38553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  29542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       145846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.671558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.885618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.837913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44699     30.65%     30.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41306     28.32%     58.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42863     29.39%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6583      4.51%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3898      2.67%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2163      1.48%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1468      1.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          943      0.65%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1923      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       145846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.943679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.799060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32504     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.525008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.388399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.587378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30293     93.18%     93.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1625      5.00%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          305      0.94%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          287      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11955109936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18016403686                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    36981.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               55731.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  245700                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 111333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185483.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15394685750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3114800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74770711750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              556627680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              545937840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              303715500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              297882750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266298800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255082400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583446240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580446000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38344369680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37390270905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22332309000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23169237750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69479315700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69331406445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.850579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.264923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20696576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20696576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179599                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221867758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221867758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123219539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123219539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    345087296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           345087296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323384                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179599                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179599                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20695552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20696576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2062                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1624                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93283246000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179599                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 155618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  37835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  29522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   7546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  35007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       145954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.544665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.687243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.807411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44972     30.81%     30.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40951     28.06%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43026     29.48%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6448      4.42%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4047      2.77%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2254      1.54%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1397      0.96%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          959      0.66%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1900      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       145954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.960478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.903599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32457     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.532391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.609224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30194     93.01%     93.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1632      5.03%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          343      1.06%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          294      0.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12099770401                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            18162920401                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    37417.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               56167.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  245763                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 111243                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185460.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15438291250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3114800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74726990750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              557459280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              545937840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              304169250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              297882750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1266712200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255464600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583329600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580465440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38234783475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37319240925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22428437250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23231544750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69467439855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69323085105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.723265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.175715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20670592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20670592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221589208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221589208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123187979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123187979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    344777188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           344777188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322979                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179553                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322979                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179553                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20669952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20670656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2764                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1749                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93282646000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322979                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179553                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 155244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  38344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  29447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  3122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       145752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.653603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.872700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   182.585949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44753     30.70%     30.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41081     28.19%     58.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42839     29.39%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6608      4.53%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3992      2.74%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2242      1.54%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1389      0.95%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          947      0.65%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1901      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       145752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.930937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.350444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32510     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.521140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.384404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.593264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30299     93.17%     93.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1625      5.00%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          303      0.93%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          294      0.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12263670799                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            18319320799                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1614840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    37971.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               56721.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  245442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 111319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               62.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185625.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15169783250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3114800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74995043250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              556514280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              545340600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              303653625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              297556875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264840200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254193200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583206480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580264560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6092548800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38082197610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37300818240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22562284500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23247705000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69445245495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69318427275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.485331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.125781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16978663                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 31.809359                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.790478                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                24.954235                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16755276     98.68%     98.68% |      201490      1.19%     99.87% |       17946      0.11%     99.98% |        3263      0.02%    100.00% |         569      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16978663                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33043300                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.094704                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.747591                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.716330                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29824409     90.26%     90.26% |     2751424      8.33%     98.59% |      336610      1.02%     99.60% |       69827      0.21%     99.82% |       28372      0.09%     99.90% |       13334      0.04%     99.94% |        9883      0.03%     99.97% |        7105      0.02%     99.99% |        2336      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33043300                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33043297                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              19.171632                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.255931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             71.975791                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33025893     99.95%     99.95% |       15169      0.05%     99.99% |        1895      0.01%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33043297                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30032920                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.002943                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.002500                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.057945                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29950907     99.73%     99.73% |       75651      0.25%     99.98% |        6362      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30032920                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3010377                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        180.477992                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       138.211542                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       168.035281                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2992973     99.42%     99.42% |       15169      0.50%     99.93% |        1895      0.06%     99.99% |         291      0.01%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3010377                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         881480                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       881480                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           29                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20231356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20921057                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9328356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123482                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9451838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       867739                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30800                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       291530                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718024                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54374                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       258289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       307718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        78238                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        50324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       257393                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       307717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        75417                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        60608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       281015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       341623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        88952                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       281437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        87117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       281254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        91915                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        69430                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       293057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       362487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        93708                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        66619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       285436                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       352055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       101053                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       259298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       310326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        82418                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       162971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92760                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49376                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48136                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        90588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        91644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91803                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        48259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        90872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        93873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        90729                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        48635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        91655                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43064                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91354                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91985                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        94816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        95791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48118                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43069                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48285                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90915                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          419                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18186002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18186002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18714271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18186002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9034982                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8984502                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18186001                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097477                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12389653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12389653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13108426                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12389653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7393034                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7313213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12389653                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.066409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9416997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9416997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9889935                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9416997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4388278                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4348993                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9416997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.050475                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8700422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8700422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9150400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8700422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4162583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4141446                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8700422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.046634                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9794667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9794667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10343138                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9794667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5169111                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5101347                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9794667                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052500                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9191360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9191360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9703445                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9191360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4653051                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4628940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9191360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049266                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10595643                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10595643                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11229045                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10595643                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4572544                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4547007                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10595643                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056793                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      9109141                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      9109141                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9759389                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9109141                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4203289                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4181837                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      9109141                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.048825                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6475521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6475521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6787036                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6475521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3114441                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3094681                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6475521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034709                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7687571                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7687571                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8101831                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7687571                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3783890                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3762559                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7687571                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041205                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5022898                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5022898                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5266556                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5022898                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2161804                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2147298                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5022898                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026923                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3688252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3688252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3727980                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3688252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1674458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1673472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3688252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019769                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4369282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4369282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4423760                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4369282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2156850                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2155186                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4369282                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023419                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3823641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3823641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3867515                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3823641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1748448                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1747289                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3823641                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020495                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2611940                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2611940                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2660543                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2611940                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1043211                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1042032                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2611940                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014000                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3578355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3578355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3646725                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3578355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1437322                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1435663                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3578355                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019180                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4477061                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4477061                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4538918                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4477061                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1702282                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1700957                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4477061                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023997                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3887481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3887481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3946385                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3887481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1514451                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1513113                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3887481                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020837                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3499966                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3499966                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3575885                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3499966                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1436138                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1434210                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3499966                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018760                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2032025                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2032025                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2093853                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2032025                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       850908                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       849237                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2032025                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1925464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1925464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1932543                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1925464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       944362                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       944108                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1925464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010321                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2329363                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2329363                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2342308                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2329363                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1228760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1227635                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2329363                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012485                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2127844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2127844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2139444                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2127844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1052067                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1051688                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2127844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011405                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1328228                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1328228                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1328228                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1328228                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       591931                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       591880                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1328228                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007119                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1863711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1863711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1870368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1863711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       886121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       885863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1863711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009990                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2275691                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2275691                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2287758                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2275691                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1192780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1191843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2275691                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012198                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2109482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2109482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120467                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1037039                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1036602                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2109482                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011307                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1332741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1332741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1332741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1332741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592712                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592641                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1332741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8268634                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8268634                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8732124                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8268634                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3787840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3777430                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8268634                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7609085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7609085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7900659                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7609085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3363932                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3356945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7609085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040785                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8057505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8057505                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8507339                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8057503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3452579                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3437616                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8057503                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043188                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8088196                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8088196                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8459990                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8088196                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3518080                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3508324                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8088196                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.043353                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13996521     29.81%     29.81% |    29970596     63.82%     93.63% |     2991314      6.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46958431                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13996523     29.81%     29.81% |    29970598     63.82%     93.63% |     2991314      6.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46958435                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   435219537                       |   754641810                       |    71305389                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   120745715                       |   139995706                       |     3024143                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.094837                       |   25.179406                       |   23.837480                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    8.626838                       |    4.671102                       |    1.010975                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.857088                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.617001                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.474090                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004052                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091353      7.32%      7.32% |    0.090571      7.26%     14.58% |    0.090214      7.23%     21.81% |    0.089697      7.19%     29.00% |    0.200518     16.07%     45.06% |    0.200412     16.06%     61.13% |    0.200433     16.06%     77.19% |    0.200362     16.06%     93.24% |    0.021083      1.69%     94.93% |    0.021080      1.69%     96.62% |    0.021079      1.69%     98.31% |    0.021073      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.247876                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031131                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023285                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005797                       |    0.005741                       |    0.006228                       |    0.006227                       |    0.006252                       |    0.006497                       |    0.006307                       |    0.005805                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006246                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003721                       |    0.003700                       |    0.003716                       |    0.003791                       |    0.003798                       |    0.003767                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003692                       |    0.003703                       |    0.003751                       |    0.003737                       |    0.003745                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003719                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003711                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003716                       |    0.003735                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003749                       |    0.003834                       |    0.003867                       |    0.010602                       |    0.010387                       |    0.010389                       |    0.010376                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002932                       |    0.007662                       |    0.000562                       |    0.000592                       |    0.000597                       |    0.000630                       |    0.000596                       |    0.000650                       |    0.000565                       |    0.000538                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003848                       |    0.002927                       |    0.009137                       |    0.003410                       |    0.000565                       |    0.004815                       |    0.011830                       |    0.004952                       |           0                       |    0.003416                       |    0.007392                       |           0                       |    0.011245                       |    0.016081                       |    0.006186                       |    0.008268                       |    0.003415                       |    0.000562                       |    0.012777                       |    0.012980                       |    0.012474                       |    0.008238                       |    0.003430                       |    0.000592                       |    0.014689                       |    0.011329                       |    0.008357                       |           0                       |    0.003410                       |    0.007180                       |           0                       |    0.013856                       |    0.009367                       |    0.006972                       |           0                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.007491                       |    0.004670                       |    0.004174                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003724                       |    0.002847                       |           0                       |    0.003487                       |           0                       |    0.001657                       |    0.003813                       |    0.003527                       |    0.008304                       |    0.003448                       |    0.000538                       |    0.009028                       |    0.004914                       |    0.011481                       |    0.003492                       |    0.008990                       |    0.003410                       |    0.000597                       |    0.005380                       |    0.012841                       |    0.016754                       |    0.004527                       |    0.025565                       |    0.005219                       |    0.002932                       |    0.009623                       |    0.018227                       |    0.025859                       |    0.010053                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003444                       |    0.007662                       |    0.009714                       |    0.018074                       |    0.017192                       |    0.010323                       |    0.009004                       |    0.003403                       |    0.000630                       |    0.007830                       |    0.013305                       |    0.009682                       |    0.005412                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.002912                       |    0.007482                       |    0.004844                       |    0.004757                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |           0                       |    0.001595                       |    0.003741                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.000832                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.003457                       |           0                       |    0.009465                       |    0.004138                       |    0.006476                       |    0.003388                       |           0                       |    0.003504                       |    0.007181                       |           0                       |    0.006054                       |    0.011602                       |    0.011453                       |    0.003395                       |    0.009004                       |    0.003412                       |    0.000596                       |    0.017713                       |    0.013168                       |    0.009465                       |    0.003436                       |    0.009378                       |    0.003399                       |    0.000650                       |    0.007447                       |    0.014955                       |    0.009582                       |    0.003413                       |           0                       |    0.003499                       |    0.007175                       |           0                       |    0.007037                       |    0.013909                       |    0.008298                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.003399                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |    0.007440                       |    0.004152                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.003416                       |           0                       |    0.000766                       |    0.003716                       |    0.003408                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003711                       |           0                       |    0.003388                       |           0                       |    0.004291                       |           0                       |    0.006321                       |           0                       |    0.003395                       |           0                       |    0.004794                       |    0.003209                       |    0.007781                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.009763                       |    0.005761                       |    0.005037                       |           0                       |    0.003413                       |           0                       |    0.004281                       |    0.009029                       |    0.004114                       |           0                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.006676                       |    0.008650                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007468                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003408                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003735                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.247876                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8043960                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8043960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343249                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5811858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5283766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.913543                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          587617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13057583                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14641038                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138485                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13130761                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14779523                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27698621                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211663                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27910284                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9458771                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9542                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9468313                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9458771                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9542                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9468313                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182817075                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31401152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49325419                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8043960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5871383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146274857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141930                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278938                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330302                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9458166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189447                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179000328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.501627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161068733     89.98%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1814981      1.01%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2561862      1.43%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           710265      0.40%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3921721      2.19%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1019545      0.57%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1440081      0.80%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           408251      0.23%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6054889      3.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179000328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044000                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.269808                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11484696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154992995                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6110412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6019480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392738                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86203869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392738                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13958551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94648524                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10674638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9427018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49898852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84636017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4903355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90213503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     200288935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    126845856                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79046217                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11167258                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296312                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39700423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6905378                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14956782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1522720                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1359979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83114512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       543623                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          86973960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8347054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13318650                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96414                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179000328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144084584     80.49%     80.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14207324      7.94%     88.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7202051      4.02%     92.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4533919      2.53%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3712611      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2568983      1.44%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023749      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413932      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253175      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179000328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104555     10.38%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784804     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118354     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338338      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58867362     67.68%     68.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12853309     14.78%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14819242     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       86973960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.475743                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011586                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    354226489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92012832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79680680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87643194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1684577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209474                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8186                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557271                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7470280                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392738                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5313590                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84140631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83658135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6905378                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14956782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       534768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         101826                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8186                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282541                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86362808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12662793                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400470                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27320767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6720386                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14657974                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.472400                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79781412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79680785                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41466151                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          65597537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.632130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532638                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       447209                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    177587376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149772827     84.34%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11966329      6.74%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6711423      3.78%     94.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2490015      1.40%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1494137      0.84%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1031039      0.58%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508688      0.29%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904322      0.51%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2708596      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    177587376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42537368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75042113                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20095403                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5695900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6276041                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74641026                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       509467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54705970     72.90%     73.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5695900      7.59%     80.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14399503     19.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75042113                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2708596                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            258320962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168573125                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3816747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42537368                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75042113                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.297799                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.297799                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.232677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.232677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        131502505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57913240                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32083150                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25921711                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41093312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5470984000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5470983999.999993                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8340771                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        37.106923                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.371278                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       33.202812                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8117516     97.32%     97.32% |      201360      2.41%     99.74% |       17944      0.22%     99.95% |        3263      0.04%     99.99% |         569      0.01%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8340771                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8388604                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.731006                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.542226                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.328206                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5580649     66.53%     66.53% |     2797340     33.35%     99.87% |       10022      0.12%     99.99% |         461      0.01%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8388604                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        249288                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.449336                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.578775                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.486064                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4525      1.82%      1.82% |       29388     11.79%     13.60% |       85466     34.28%     47.89% |       59017     23.67%     71.56% |       51962     20.84%     92.41% |       14682      5.89%     98.30% |        3703      1.49%     99.78% |         497      0.20%     99.98% |          45      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          249288                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8244575                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           41.023224                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.955061                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         109.282650                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8232428     99.85%     99.85% |       10715      0.13%     99.98% |        1254      0.02%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8244575                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6404759                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.009873                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.008340                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.108428                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6347874     99.11%     99.11% |       50539      0.79%     99.90% |        6346      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6404759                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1839816                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     173.355128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    128.636882                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    175.998348                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1827669     99.34%     99.34% |       10715      0.58%     99.92% |        1254      0.07%     99.99% |         141      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1839816                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15118535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.822076                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.953718                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          65.560647                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15113279     99.97%     99.97% |        4453      0.03%     99.99% |         641      0.00%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15118535                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14086331                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001778                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.001535                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.042155                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14061302     99.82%     99.82% |       25013      0.18%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14086331                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1032204                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     205.425584                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    169.831896                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    157.407797                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1026948     99.49%     99.49% |        4453      0.43%     99.92% |         641      0.06%     99.98% |         150      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1032204                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9451835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.092354                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.129404                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.643622                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9437211     99.85%     99.85% |       11830      0.13%     99.97% |        2481      0.03%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9451835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9328356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9328356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9328356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.615416                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.034098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.970170                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     88.16%     88.16% |       11830      9.58%     97.74% |        2481      2.01%     99.75% |          71      0.06%     99.80% |         100      0.08%     99.89% |         118      0.10%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123479                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.969029                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.215066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223080     98.25%     98.25% |        3058      1.35%     99.60% |         776      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212099     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.545791                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.657342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.380635                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3058     20.59%     93.87% |         776      5.23%     99.10% |          70      0.47%     99.57% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       396765                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7664719                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       150243                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   166321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   169251                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   180453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   183880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   181097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   191691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   180646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   164437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 141455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 138525                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 161227                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 160408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 163191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 170853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 171466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 145947                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   123918                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   120667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   141450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   140324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   143444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   149224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   151471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   128095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               307776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               307776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               341680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               344288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               362544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               352112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               310384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6588166                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6284525                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6939602                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6707281                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6914139                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6820227                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7563689                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6910446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  224704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  224704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  249456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  264688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  257072                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  226608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  83072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  83072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  97856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  95040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  83776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               120046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               122200                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               130710                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               133150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits               131029                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               139031                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits               130433                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               118648                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             104658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             102504                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             118746                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             118210                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             120331                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             125657                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             126639                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             107960                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               46275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               47051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               49743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               50730                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               50068                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               52660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               50213                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               45789                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             36797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             36021                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             42481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             42198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             42860                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             45196                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             44827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             37987                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      118                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      118                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      131                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10794670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10728799                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10784140                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10740854                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10692426                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10769936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10726326                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10772255                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1888                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1888                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2096                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2160                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9855047                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9787094                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               9764498                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9716403                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9627114                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9645623                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9480055                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9757796                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4881300                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4878348                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5462257                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5463095                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5506440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5798218                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5597039                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4925151                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3586949                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3632592                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3741676                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3834199                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3807567                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3824398                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4151389                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3755391                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9855047                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9787094                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          9764498                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9716403                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9627114                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9645623                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9480055                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9757796                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4835908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4835863                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5368484                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5409516                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5409413                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5696211                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5532455                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4876874                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3524836                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3522728                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3614972                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3646871                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3627755                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3629312                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3822539                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3616441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10241665                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10245156                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10309173                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10295973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10130802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10233912                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10163524                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10232620                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10670565                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10745647                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         10703483                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10676526                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10644907                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10646817                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10668841                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10663046                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             45848                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             45879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             50689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             51132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             50868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             54052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             51914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             46383                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             17964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             19030                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             18831                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             19682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             18947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             20237                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             18294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             17258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             40884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             45347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             41780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             46570                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             41245                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             46926                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             35041                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             36679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1328134                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1123992                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1645049                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1419544                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1807752                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1618558                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         2544121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1627989                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329936     25.39%     25.39% |      323299     24.88%     50.26% |      323384     24.88%     75.15% |      322979     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180330     25.70%     25.70% |      173797     24.77%     50.47% |      173773     24.77%     75.24% |      173726     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701626                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329961     25.39%     25.39% |      323299     24.88%     50.27% |      323384     24.88%     75.15% |      322978     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299622                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186147     25.68%     25.68% |      179618     24.78%     50.46% |      179599     24.78%     75.23% |      179553     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141414     25.02%     25.02% |      141310     25.00%     50.02% |      141419     25.02%     75.04% |      141061     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565204                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329936     25.39%     25.39% |      323299     24.88%     50.26% |      323384     24.88%     75.15% |      322979     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180094     25.70%     25.70% |      173618     24.77%     50.47% |      173599     24.77%     75.24% |      173553     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141414     25.02%     25.02% |      141310     25.00%     50.02% |      141419     25.02%     75.04% |      141061     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565204                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329936     25.39%     25.39% |      323299     24.88%     50.26% |      323384     24.88%     75.15% |      322978     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180094     25.70%     25.70% |      173618     24.77%     50.47% |      173599     24.77%     75.24% |      173553     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6295848     76.33%     76.33% |          18      0.00%     76.33% |      224901      2.73%     79.06% |      224881      2.73%     81.79% |      249723      3.03%     84.81% |      251506      3.05%     87.86% |      251655      3.05%     90.91% |      264911      3.21%     94.13% |      257556      3.12%     97.25% |      226897      2.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8247896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9451894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9451894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14626315     95.29%     95.29% |           0      0.00%     95.29% |       83347      0.54%     95.83% |       83281      0.54%     96.37% |       92574      0.60%     96.97% |       93203      0.61%     97.58% |       93312      0.61%     98.19% |       98135      0.64%     98.83% |       95678      0.62%     99.45% |       84156      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15350001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17019     10.50%     10.50% |          18      0.01%     10.51% |       17581     10.85%     21.36% |       16744     10.33%     31.68% |       18248     11.26%     42.94% |       18377     11.34%     54.28% |       18384     11.34%     65.62% |       19896     12.27%     77.89% |       18388     11.34%     89.24% |       17447     10.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       162102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808790     26.85%     26.85% |           0      0.00%     26.85% |      258970      8.60%     35.45% |      257779      8.56%     44.01% |      282330      9.37%     53.39% |      281923      9.36%     62.75% |      282195      9.37%     72.12% |      293585      9.75%     81.87% |      285917      9.49%     91.36% |      260250      8.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3011739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3268     12.28%     12.28% |        3196     12.01%     24.29% |        3238     12.17%     36.45% |        3238     12.17%     48.62% |        3466     13.02%     61.64% |        3424     12.86%     74.51% |        3517     13.21%     87.72% |        3268     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7673     12.67%     12.67% |        6962     11.49%     24.17% |        7453     12.30%     36.47% |        7577     12.51%     48.98% |        7819     12.91%     61.89% |        8286     13.68%     75.57% |        7438     12.28%     87.85% |        7361     12.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190293     11.64%     11.64% |          16      0.00%     11.64% |      168015     10.28%     21.92% |      168307     10.30%     32.22% |      184408     11.28%     43.51% |      185292     11.34%     54.84% |      185735     11.36%     66.21% |      193061     11.81%     78.02% |      189320     11.58%     89.60% |      169926     10.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1634373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6745     11.14%     11.14% |        7035     11.61%     22.75% |        7964     13.15%     35.90% |        7690     12.70%     48.60% |        7589     12.53%     61.13% |        8419     13.90%     75.03% |        7963     13.15%     88.17% |        7164     11.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622866     47.35%     47.35% |           0      0.00%     47.35% |       83529      6.35%     53.70% |       82051      6.24%     59.94% |       88643      6.74%     66.68% |       88455      6.72%     73.40% |       87930      6.68%     80.09% |       91577      6.96%     87.05% |       88153      6.70%     93.75% |       82208      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1315412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686681     26.53%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |      222504      8.60%     35.13% |      223057      8.62%     43.74% |      243307      9.40%     53.14% |      243517      9.41%     62.55% |      243838      9.42%     71.97% |      252818      9.77%     81.74% |      248046      9.58%     91.32% |      224598      8.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2588366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189784     10.32%     10.32% |           9      0.00%     10.32% |      192420     10.46%     20.79% |      192064     10.44%     31.23% |      210993     11.47%     42.70% |      211982     11.53%     54.23% |      211503     11.50%     65.73% |      221169     12.03%     77.76% |      215356     11.71%     89.47% |      193601     10.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1838881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120989    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498913     47.65%     47.65% |           0      0.00%     47.65% |       65869      6.29%     53.94% |       65329      6.24%     60.18% |       70022      6.69%     66.87% |       69455      6.63%     73.50% |       69749      6.66%     80.17% |       71887      6.87%     87.03% |       70077      6.69%     93.73% |       65697      6.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1046998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.11%      7.11% |           0      0.00%      7.11% |       17467     11.23%     18.34% |       16662     10.72%     29.06% |       18179     11.69%     40.75% |       18299     11.77%     52.52% |       18338     11.79%     64.31% |       19846     12.76%     77.08% |       18317     11.78%     88.86% |       17327     11.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       155486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         926     99.04%     99.04% |           9      0.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2493    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           2      3.17%     93.65% |           1      1.59%     95.24% |           3      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           63                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1608      5.63%      5.63% |           0      0.00%      5.63% |        3356     11.75%     17.38% |        3251     11.38%     28.76% |        3274     11.46%     40.22% |        3281     11.49%     51.70% |        3468     12.14%     63.85% |        3443     12.05%     75.90% |        3552     12.43%     88.33% |        3333     11.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.34%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |        4146     10.27%     30.61% |        4074     10.10%     40.71% |        3793      9.40%     50.10% |        3936      9.75%     59.86% |        4074     10.10%     69.95% |        4464     11.06%     81.01% |        3905      9.68%     90.69% |        3757      9.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        40356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9328356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9328356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3466     97.17%     97.17% |           2      0.06%     97.22% |          20      0.56%     97.79% |          14      0.39%     98.18% |           3      0.08%     98.26% |          13      0.36%     98.63% |           8      0.22%     98.85% |          12      0.34%     99.19% |          13      0.36%     99.55% |          16      0.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     31.28%     31.28% |           0      0.00%     31.28% |       31917      8.29%     39.58% |       30573      7.95%     47.52% |       33922      8.82%     56.34% |       34127      8.87%     65.20% |       33434      8.69%     73.89% |       36283      9.43%     83.32% |       33323      8.66%     91.98% |       30855      8.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       384808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3342597     92.57%     92.57% |           0      0.00%     92.57% |       28106      0.78%     93.34% |       28534      0.79%     94.13% |       34638      0.96%     95.09% |       35410      0.98%     96.07% |       35751      0.99%     97.06% |       39023      1.08%     98.14% |       37779      1.05%     99.19% |       29218      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3611056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2265     90.38%     90.38% |          16      0.64%     91.02% |          37      1.48%     92.50% |          33      1.32%     93.81% |          26      1.04%     94.85% |          24      0.96%     95.81% |          25      1.00%     96.81% |          13      0.52%     97.33% |          30      1.20%     98.52% |          37      1.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152410      9.93%      9.93% |           0      0.00%      9.93% |      160178     10.44%     20.37% |      161176     10.50%     30.87% |      176768     11.52%     42.39% |      177559     11.57%     53.96% |      177776     11.58%     65.55% |      184602     12.03%     77.58% |      181722     11.84%     89.42% |      162407     10.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1534598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7627     12.68%     12.68% |        6908     11.48%     24.16% |        7410     12.32%     36.48% |        7538     12.53%     49.00% |        7775     12.92%     61.93% |        8235     13.69%     75.61% |        7378     12.26%     87.88% |        7293     12.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        60164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2753347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2753347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14091679     98.79%     98.79% |           0      0.00%     98.79% |       17177      0.12%     98.91% |       17716      0.12%     99.03% |       22177      0.16%     99.19% |       23448      0.16%     99.35% |       23151      0.16%     99.52% |       25943      0.18%     99.70% |       24935      0.17%     99.87% |       18053      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14264279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         237     45.06%     45.06% |           0      0.00%     45.06% |          55     10.46%     55.51% |          32      6.08%     61.60% |          36      6.84%     68.44% |          39      7.41%     75.86% |          13      2.47%     78.33% |          24      4.56%     82.89% |          25      4.75%     87.64% |          65     12.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534271     50.70%     50.70% |           0      0.00%     50.70% |       62326      5.91%     56.62% |       61881      5.87%     62.49% |       66539      6.31%     68.80% |       65958      6.26%     75.06% |       66062      6.27%     81.33% |       68216      6.47%     87.80% |       66324      6.29%     94.10% |       62191      5.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1053768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3268     12.29%     12.29% |        3196     12.01%     24.30% |        3237     12.17%     36.47% |        3233     12.15%     48.62% |        3465     13.03%     61.65% |        3419     12.85%     74.50% |        3515     13.21%     87.71% |        3268     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      1.59%      1.59% |           0      0.00%      1.59% |         949     12.69%     14.28% |         664      8.88%     23.16% |        1246     16.66%     39.83% |         761     10.18%     50.01% |        1102     14.74%     64.75% |         740      9.90%     74.64% |         791     10.58%     85.22% |        1105     14.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         7477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190293     11.64%     11.64% |          16      0.00%     11.64% |      168015     10.28%     21.92% |      168307     10.30%     32.22% |      184408     11.28%     43.51% |      185292     11.34%     54.84% |      185735     11.36%     66.21% |      193061     11.81%     78.02% |      189320     11.58%     89.60% |      169926     10.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1634373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6745     11.14%     11.14% |        7035     11.61%     22.75% |        7964     13.15%     35.90% |        7690     12.70%     48.60% |        7589     12.53%     61.13% |        8419     13.90%     75.03% |        7963     13.15%     88.17% |        7164     11.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123896     46.17%     46.17% |           0      0.00%     46.17% |       17660      6.58%     52.75% |       16722      6.23%     58.98% |       18621      6.94%     65.92% |       19000      7.08%     73.00% |       18179      6.77%     79.78% |       19689      7.34%     87.11% |       18073      6.73%     93.85% |       16511      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       268351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.32%      0.32% |           0      0.00%      0.32% |         244      9.67%      9.99% |         234      9.28%     19.27% |         581     23.04%     42.31% |         237      9.40%     51.70% |         353     14.00%     65.70% |         301     11.93%     77.64% |         205      8.13%     85.77% |         359     14.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         2522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498970     47.65%     47.65% |           0      0.00%     47.65% |       65869      6.29%     53.95% |       65329      6.24%     60.18% |       70022      6.69%     66.87% |       69455      6.63%     73.51% |       69751      6.66%     80.17% |       71888      6.87%     87.03% |       70080      6.69%     93.73% |       65697      6.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1047061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         987     29.74%     29.74% |           0      0.00%     29.74% |         229      6.90%     36.64% |         209      6.30%     42.93% |         299      9.01%     51.94% |         178      5.36%     57.31% |         325      9.79%     67.10% |         255      7.68%     74.78% |         516     15.55%     90.33% |         321      9.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         3319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         119      3.82%      3.82% |           0      0.00%      3.82% |         301      9.67%     13.49% |         236      7.58%     21.07% |         375     12.04%     33.11% |         300      9.63%     42.74% |         410     13.17%     55.91% |         304      9.76%     65.67% |         663     21.29%     86.96% |         406     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           3     17.65%     29.41% |           4     23.53%     52.94% |           2     11.76%     64.71% |           0      0.00%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           3     17.65%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           5     35.71%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           5     35.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46     11.36%     11.36% |          54     13.33%     24.69% |          43     10.62%     35.31% |          39      9.63%     44.94% |          44     10.86%     55.80% |          51     12.59%     68.40% |          60     14.81%     83.21% |          68     16.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686681     26.53%     26.53% |           0      0.00%     26.53% |      222456      8.60%     35.13% |      223000      8.62%     43.75% |      243259      9.40%     53.15% |      243471      9.41%     62.55% |      243793      9.42%     71.97% |      252761      9.77%     81.74% |      247981      9.58%     91.32% |      224528      8.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2587930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          48     11.01%     11.01% |          57     13.07%     24.08% |          48     11.01%     35.09% |          46     10.55%     45.64% |          45     10.32%     55.96% |          57     13.07%     69.04% |          65     14.91%     83.94% |          70     16.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3318      2.69%     23.42% |        3510      2.84%     26.26% |        5108      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.53% |        3792      3.07%     36.60% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4382      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3333      2.70%     61.46% |        3068      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3514      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.44% |        3721      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4610      3.73%     84.80% |        3989      3.23%     88.03% |        5244      4.24%     92.27% |        5109      4.13%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117506      6.38%      6.38% |       56485      3.07%      9.45% |       55333      3.01%     12.46% |       56090      3.05%     15.51% |       55541      3.02%     18.53% |       55312      3.01%     21.53% |       55015      2.99%     24.52% |       55009      2.99%     27.51% |       55100      2.99%     30.50% |       55466      3.01%     33.52% |       57401      3.12%     36.64% |       56541      3.07%     39.71% |       55849      3.03%     42.74% |       54957      2.99%     45.73% |       54459      2.96%     48.69% |       54668      2.97%     51.66% |       55728      3.03%     54.69% |       55283      3.00%     57.69% |       55565      3.02%     60.71% |       55619      3.02%     63.73% |       55594      3.02%     66.75% |       56813      3.09%     69.84% |       55843      3.03%     72.87% |       54992      2.99%     75.86% |       55076      2.99%     78.85% |       55554      3.02%     81.87% |       55010      2.99%     84.86% |       54715      2.97%     87.83% |       55245      3.00%     90.83% |       54724      2.97%     93.81% |       55411      3.01%     96.82% |       58552      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1840456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41616      3.97%      3.97% |       32595      3.11%      7.09% |       32321      3.09%     10.17% |       32411      3.10%     13.27% |       32178      3.07%     16.34% |       32097      3.07%     19.41% |       32460      3.10%     22.51% |       32125      3.07%     25.58% |       32320      3.09%     28.66% |       32904      3.14%     31.80% |       32221      3.08%     34.88% |       32225      3.08%     37.96% |       32352      3.09%     41.05% |       31970      3.05%     44.10% |       32007      3.06%     47.16% |       32152      3.07%     50.23% |       32316      3.09%     53.32% |       32234      3.08%     56.39% |       32601      3.11%     59.51% |       32453      3.10%     62.61% |       32252      3.08%     65.69% |       33423      3.19%     68.88% |       32311      3.09%     71.96% |       32404      3.09%     75.06% |       32440      3.10%     78.16% |       32341      3.09%     81.25% |       32521      3.11%     84.35% |       32352      3.09%     87.44% |       32146      3.07%     90.51% |       32221      3.08%     93.59% |       34324      3.28%     96.87% |       32817      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1047110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149710      5.78%      5.78% |       79947      3.09%      8.87% |       78268      3.02%     11.89% |       79058      3.05%     14.95% |       78517      3.03%     17.98% |       77944      3.01%     20.99% |       77978      3.01%     24.00% |       77530      2.99%     27.00% |       77946      3.01%     30.01% |       79072      3.05%     33.07% |       80170      3.10%     36.16% |       79266      3.06%     39.22% |       78886      3.05%     42.27% |       77597      3.00%     45.27% |       77007      2.97%     48.24% |       77440      2.99%     51.23% |       78574      3.04%     54.27% |       78207      3.02%     57.29% |       78815      3.04%     60.34% |       78746      3.04%     63.38% |       78613      3.04%     66.41% |       80942      3.13%     69.54% |       78920      3.05%     72.59% |       78057      3.02%     75.60% |       78329      3.03%     78.63% |       78792      3.04%     81.67% |       78377      3.03%     84.70% |       77796      3.01%     87.71% |       78262      3.02%     90.73% |       77789      3.00%     93.73% |       80360      3.10%     96.84% |       81832      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2588747                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.26%      4.26% |           2      4.26%      8.51% |           2      4.26%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |           5     10.64%     23.40% |           0      0.00%     23.40% |           0      0.00%     23.40% |           0      0.00%     23.40% |           1      2.13%     25.53% |           6     12.77%     38.30% |           0      0.00%     38.30% |           0      0.00%     38.30% |           1      2.13%     40.43% |           1      2.13%     42.55% |           2      4.26%     46.81% |           0      0.00%     46.81% |           0      0.00%     46.81% |           0      0.00%     46.81% |           3      6.38%     53.19% |           2      4.26%     57.45% |           2      4.26%     61.70% |           0      0.00%     61.70% |           2      4.26%     65.96% |           0      0.00%     65.96% |           1      2.13%     68.09% |           0      0.00%     68.09% |           6     12.77%     80.85% |           1      2.13%     82.98% |           1      2.13%     85.11% |           3      6.38%     91.49% |           4      8.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28189      4.02%      4.02% |       21685      3.10%      7.12% |       21689      3.10%     10.21% |       21688      3.10%     13.31% |       21666      3.09%     16.40% |       21668      3.09%     19.50% |       21686      3.10%     22.59% |       21680      3.09%     25.69% |       21693      3.10%     28.78% |       21699      3.10%     31.88% |       21709      3.10%     34.98% |       21700      3.10%     38.08% |       21671      3.09%     41.17% |       21686      3.10%     44.26% |       21672      3.09%     47.36% |       21678      3.09%     50.45% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21701      3.10%     56.65% |       21696      3.10%     59.74% |       21694      3.10%     62.84% |       21680      3.09%     65.93% |       21708      3.10%     69.03% |       21697      3.10%     72.13% |       21696      3.10%     75.23% |       21717      3.10%     78.33% |       21712      3.10%     81.43% |       21705      3.10%     84.52% |       21683      3.09%     87.62% |       21698      3.10%     90.72% |       21678      3.09%     93.81% |       21684      3.10%     96.91% |       21678      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17819      3.15%      3.15% |       17643      3.12%      6.27% |       17698      3.13%      9.40% |       17664      3.12%     12.52% |       17659      3.12%     15.65% |       17617      3.12%     18.76% |       17637      3.12%     21.88% |       17696      3.13%     25.01% |       17670      3.12%     28.14% |       17701      3.13%     31.27% |       17735      3.14%     34.40% |       17633      3.12%     37.52% |       17708      3.13%     40.65% |       17667      3.12%     43.78% |       17710      3.13%     46.91% |       17653      3.12%     50.03% |       17650      3.12%     53.15% |       17675      3.13%     56.28% |       17700      3.13%     59.41% |       17621      3.12%     62.52% |       17674      3.13%     65.65% |       17718      3.13%     68.78% |       17647      3.12%     71.90% |       17611      3.11%     75.02% |       17672      3.13%     78.14% |       17704      3.13%     81.27% |       17708      3.13%     84.40% |       17598      3.11%     87.52% |       17638      3.12%     90.64% |       17666      3.12%     93.76% |       17646      3.12%     96.88% |       17641      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47119      3.63%      3.63% |       40376      3.11%      6.73% |       40433      3.11%      9.84% |       40398      3.11%     12.95% |       40369      3.11%     16.06% |       40330      3.10%     19.16% |       40369      3.11%     22.27% |       40422      3.11%     25.38% |       40409      3.11%     28.49% |       40447      3.11%     31.60% |       40489      3.12%     34.72% |       40378      3.11%     37.82% |       40424      3.11%     40.93% |       40398      3.11%     44.04% |       40427      3.11%     47.15% |       40376      3.11%     50.26% |       40399      3.11%     53.37% |       40422      3.11%     56.48% |       40442      3.11%     59.59% |       40361      3.11%     62.70% |       40400      3.11%     65.80% |       40473      3.11%     68.92% |       40389      3.11%     72.03% |       40352      3.10%     75.13% |       40435      3.11%     78.24% |       40463      3.11%     81.36% |       40459      3.11%     84.47% |       40325      3.10%     87.57% |       40381      3.11%     90.68% |       40390      3.11%     93.79% |       40376      3.11%     96.89% |       40366      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299597                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46095      3.64%      3.64% |       39352      3.11%      6.74% |       39409      3.11%      9.86% |       39374      3.11%     12.96% |       39345      3.11%     16.07% |       39306      3.10%     19.17% |       39345      3.11%     22.28% |       39398      3.11%     25.39% |       39385      3.11%     28.50% |       39423      3.11%     31.61% |       39465      3.12%     34.72% |       39354      3.11%     37.83% |       39400      3.11%     40.94% |       39374      3.11%     44.05% |       39403      3.11%     47.16% |       39352      3.11%     50.27% |       39375      3.11%     53.37% |       39398      3.11%     56.48% |       39418      3.11%     59.60% |       39337      3.11%     62.70% |       39376      3.11%     65.81% |       39449      3.11%     68.92% |       39365      3.11%     72.03% |       39328      3.10%     75.13% |       39411      3.11%     78.25% |       39439      3.11%     81.36% |       39435      3.11%     84.47% |       39301      3.10%     87.57% |       39357      3.11%     90.68% |       39366      3.11%     93.79% |       39352      3.11%     96.89% |       39342      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1266829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          62     11.42%     11.42% |          11      2.03%     13.44% |          19      3.50%     16.94% |          19      3.50%     20.44% |           8      1.47%     21.92% |          13      2.39%     24.31% |           5      0.92%     25.23% |          12      2.21%     27.44% |          12      2.21%     29.65% |           7      1.29%     30.94% |          23      4.24%     35.17% |          16      2.95%     38.12% |          14      2.58%     40.70% |          11      2.03%     42.73% |          10      1.84%     44.57% |          11      2.03%     46.59% |           7      1.29%     47.88% |           8      1.47%     49.36% |          16      2.95%     52.30% |          27      4.97%     57.27% |          38      7.00%     64.27% |          45      8.29%     72.56% |          19      3.50%     76.06% |          13      2.39%     78.45% |          12      2.21%     80.66% |           9      1.66%     82.32% |          18      3.31%     85.64% |          15      2.76%     88.40% |          14      2.58%     90.98% |          21      3.87%     94.84% |          19      3.50%     98.34% |           9      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          543                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1880      3.10%      3.10% |        1823      3.01%      6.11% |        1900      3.14%      9.25% |        1862      3.07%     12.32% |        1848      3.05%     15.38% |        1900      3.14%     18.51% |        1936      3.20%     21.71% |        1919      3.17%     24.88% |        1913      3.16%     28.03% |        1865      3.08%     31.11% |        1933      3.19%     34.31% |        1907      3.15%     37.45% |        1889      3.12%     40.57% |        1901      3.14%     43.71% |        1938      3.20%     46.91% |        1917      3.16%     50.08% |        1947      3.21%     53.29% |        1895      3.13%     56.42% |        1931      3.19%     59.61% |        1910      3.15%     62.76% |        1875      3.10%     65.85% |        1890      3.12%     68.98% |        1891      3.12%     72.10% |        1912      3.16%     75.25% |        1883      3.11%     78.36% |        1826      3.01%     81.38% |        1880      3.10%     84.48% |        1862      3.07%     87.56% |        1850      3.05%     90.61% |        1856      3.06%     93.67% |        1910      3.15%     96.83% |        1922      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2737      3.19%      3.19% |        2731      3.18%      6.37% |        2795      3.25%      9.62% |        2788      3.25%     12.87% |        2669      3.11%     15.98% |        2733      3.18%     19.16% |        2745      3.20%     22.36% |        2757      3.21%     25.57% |        2661      3.10%     28.67% |        2613      3.04%     31.71% |        2670      3.11%     34.82% |        2702      3.15%     37.97% |        2619      3.05%     41.02% |        2628      3.06%     44.08% |        2614      3.04%     47.12% |        2634      3.07%     50.19% |        2634      3.07%     53.26% |        2555      2.98%     56.23% |        2620      3.05%     59.28% |        2635      3.07%     62.35% |        2604      3.03%     65.38% |        2589      3.02%     68.40% |        2632      3.07%     71.46% |        2740      3.19%     74.66% |        2677      3.12%     77.77% |        2683      3.12%     80.90% |        2677      3.12%     84.01% |        2721      3.17%     87.18% |        2658      3.10%     90.28% |        2725      3.17%     93.45% |        2790      3.25%     96.70% |        2832      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        85868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2410      3.18%      3.18% |        2280      3.01%      6.20% |        2372      3.13%      9.33% |        2333      3.08%     12.41% |        2320      3.07%     15.48% |        2325      3.07%     18.55% |        2377      3.14%     21.69% |        2408      3.18%     24.87% |        2354      3.11%     27.98% |        2308      3.05%     31.03% |        2433      3.21%     34.24% |        2382      3.15%     37.39% |        2399      3.17%     40.56% |        2352      3.11%     43.67% |        2392      3.16%     46.83% |        2361      3.12%     49.95% |        2401      3.17%     53.12% |        2372      3.13%     56.25% |        2411      3.19%     59.44% |        2349      3.10%     62.54% |        2313      3.06%     65.60% |        2381      3.15%     68.74% |        2332      3.08%     71.82% |        2337      3.09%     74.91% |        2376      3.14%     78.05% |        2351      3.11%     81.16% |        2390      3.16%     84.32% |        2331      3.08%     87.39% |        2342      3.09%     90.49% |        2365      3.12%     93.61% |        2422      3.20%     96.81% |        2412      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        75691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1880      3.10%      3.10% |        1823      3.01%      6.11% |        1900      3.14%      9.25% |        1862      3.07%     12.32% |        1848      3.05%     15.38% |        1899      3.14%     18.51% |        1936      3.20%     21.71% |        1919      3.17%     24.87% |        1913      3.16%     28.03% |        1865      3.08%     31.11% |        1933      3.19%     34.30% |        1907      3.15%     37.45% |        1889      3.12%     40.57% |        1901      3.14%     43.71% |        1938      3.20%     46.91% |        1917      3.16%     50.07% |        1947      3.21%     53.29% |        1895      3.13%     56.42% |        1931      3.19%     59.60% |        1910      3.15%     62.76% |        1875      3.10%     65.85% |        1890      3.12%     68.97% |        1891      3.12%     72.10% |        1912      3.16%     75.25% |        1883      3.11%     78.36% |        1828      3.02%     81.38% |        1880      3.10%     84.48% |        1861      3.07%     87.56% |        1850      3.05%     90.61% |        1856      3.06%     93.67% |        1910      3.15%     96.83% |        1922      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152676      5.69%      5.69% |       82763      3.09%      8.78% |       81182      3.03%     11.81% |       81928      3.06%     14.86% |       81343      3.03%     17.90% |       80847      3.02%     20.91% |       80925      3.02%     23.93% |       80478      3.00%     26.93% |       80833      3.01%     29.95% |       81920      3.06%     33.00% |       83119      3.10%     36.10% |       82163      3.06%     39.16% |       81763      3.05%     42.21% |       80475      3.00%     45.21% |       79988      2.98%     48.20% |       80386      3.00%     51.20% |       81506      3.04%     54.24% |       81102      3.02%     57.26% |       81713      3.05%     60.31% |       81628      3.04%     63.35% |       81465      3.04%     66.39% |       83883      3.13%     69.52% |       81851      3.05%     72.57% |       80963      3.02%     75.59% |       81202      3.03%     78.62% |       81608      3.04%     81.66% |       81238      3.03%     84.69% |       80637      3.01%     87.70% |       81105      3.02%     90.72% |       80664      3.01%     93.73% |       83313      3.11%     96.84% |       84788      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2681455                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.25%      3.25% |         417      2.88%      6.12% |         425      2.93%      9.05% |         421      2.90%     11.96% |         431      2.97%     14.93% |         407      2.81%     17.73% |         430      2.96%     20.70% |         478      3.30%     24.00% |         448      3.09%     27.08% |         433      2.99%     30.07% |         459      3.16%     33.23% |         460      3.17%     36.41% |         488      3.36%     39.77% |         468      3.23%     43.00% |         480      3.31%     46.31% |         468      3.23%     49.53% |         480      3.31%     52.84% |         484      3.34%     56.18% |         481      3.32%     59.50% |         449      3.10%     62.59% |         436      3.01%     65.60% |         463      3.19%     68.79% |         426      2.94%     71.73% |         427      2.94%     74.67% |         475      3.28%     77.95% |         498      3.43%     81.38% |         475      3.28%     84.66% |         430      2.96%     87.62% |         450      3.10%     90.73% |         463      3.19%     93.92% |         458      3.16%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24653      4.23%      4.23% |       18013      3.09%      7.32% |       18061      3.10%     10.42% |       18021      3.09%     13.52% |       17998      3.09%     16.60% |       17972      3.08%     19.69% |       17988      3.09%     22.78% |       18001      3.09%     25.87% |       18007      3.09%     28.96% |       18060      3.10%     32.06% |       18092      3.11%     35.16% |       17955      3.08%     38.24% |       17989      3.09%     41.33% |       17987      3.09%     44.42% |       18006      3.09%     47.51% |       17967      3.08%     50.59% |       17969      3.08%     53.68% |       17982      3.09%     56.76% |       18007      3.09%     59.85% |       17962      3.08%     62.94% |       17990      3.09%     66.02% |       18027      3.09%     69.12% |       18020      3.09%     72.21% |       17975      3.09%     75.30% |       18000      3.09%     78.39% |       18015      3.09%     81.48% |       18024      3.09%     84.57% |       17954      3.08%     87.65% |       17988      3.09%     90.74% |       17982      3.09%     93.83% |       17964      3.08%     96.91% |       18005      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582634                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21974      3.13%     65.63% |       21983      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           2     12.50%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           3     18.75%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           3     18.75%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4553      3.18%      3.18% |        4456      3.11%      6.29% |        4523      3.16%      9.44% |        4650      3.24%     12.69% |        4458      3.11%     15.80% |        4601      3.21%     19.01% |        4548      3.17%     22.18% |        4673      3.26%     25.44% |        4601      3.21%     28.65% |        4481      3.13%     31.78% |        4446      3.10%     34.88% |        4574      3.19%     38.08% |        4424      3.09%     41.16% |        4465      3.12%     44.28% |        4472      3.12%     47.40% |        4443      3.10%     50.50% |        4506      3.14%     53.64% |        4405      3.07%     56.72% |        4431      3.09%     59.81% |        4446      3.10%     62.91% |        4402      3.07%     65.98% |        4332      3.02%     69.01% |        4351      3.04%     72.04% |        4477      3.12%     75.17% |        4387      3.06%     78.23% |        4398      3.07%     81.30% |        4381      3.06%     84.35% |        4523      3.16%     87.51% |        4403      3.07%     90.58% |        4385      3.06%     93.64% |        4479      3.13%     96.77% |        4632      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       143306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           5      1.31%      1.31% |           4      1.04%      2.35% |           6      1.57%      3.92% |          13      3.39%      7.31% |          10      2.61%      9.92% |           5      1.31%     11.23% |           9      2.35%     13.58% |          13      3.39%     16.97% |          11      2.87%     19.84% |           8      2.09%     21.93% |          12      3.13%     25.07% |          18      4.70%     29.77% |          13      3.39%     33.16% |          16      4.18%     37.34% |           7      1.83%     39.16% |          16      4.18%     43.34% |          18      4.70%     48.04% |           9      2.35%     50.39% |          18      4.70%     55.09% |          19      4.96%     60.05% |          15      3.92%     63.97% |          10      2.61%     66.58% |           8      2.09%     68.67% |          20      5.22%     73.89% |          15      3.92%     77.81% |          13      3.39%     81.20% |          19      4.96%     86.16% |          18      4.70%     90.86% |          10      2.61%     93.47% |           6      1.57%     95.04% |           7      1.83%     96.87% |          12      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2321      3.17%      3.17% |        2210      3.02%      6.19% |        2296      3.14%      9.33% |        2260      3.09%     12.42% |        2252      3.08%     15.50% |        2255      3.08%     18.58% |        2314      3.16%     21.74% |        2335      3.19%     24.93% |        2293      3.13%     28.07% |        2234      3.05%     31.12% |        2327      3.18%     34.30% |        2306      3.15%     37.45% |        2318      3.17%     40.62% |        2267      3.10%     43.72% |        2309      3.16%     46.87% |        2279      3.11%     49.99% |        2329      3.18%     53.17% |        2293      3.13%     56.31% |        2335      3.19%     59.50% |        2275      3.11%     62.61% |        2246      3.07%     65.68% |        2264      3.09%     68.77% |        2239      3.06%     71.83% |        2269      3.10%     74.93% |        2304      3.15%     78.08% |        2277      3.11%     81.19% |        2309      3.16%     84.35% |        2250      3.08%     87.42% |        2262      3.09%     90.52% |        2287      3.13%     93.64% |        2337      3.19%     96.84% |        2315      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86409      8.21%      8.21% |       32169      3.06%     11.27% |       30814      2.93%     14.19% |       31520      2.99%     17.19% |       31198      2.96%     20.15% |       30802      2.93%     23.08% |       30504      2.90%     25.98% |       30377      2.89%     28.86% |       30536      2.90%     31.76% |       31001      2.95%     34.71% |       32850      3.12%     37.83% |       32031      3.04%     40.87% |       31472      2.99%     43.86% |       30551      2.90%     46.77% |       29996      2.85%     49.62% |       30299      2.88%     52.50% |       31254      2.97%     55.47% |       30933      2.94%     58.40% |       31138      2.96%     61.36% |       31243      2.97%     64.33% |       31283      2.97%     67.30% |       32468      3.08%     70.39% |       31534      3.00%     73.38% |       30595      2.91%     76.29% |       30774      2.92%     79.21% |       31271      2.97%     82.19% |       30701      2.92%     85.10% |       30342      2.88%     87.99% |       30981      2.94%     90.93% |       30471      2.90%     93.82% |       31034      2.95%     96.77% |       33971      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1052522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18790      5.91%      5.91% |        9829      3.09%      9.00% |        9551      3.00%     12.00% |        9622      3.03%     15.03% |        9416      2.96%     17.99% |        9318      2.93%     20.92% |        9656      3.04%     23.96% |        9328      2.93%     26.89% |        9547      3.00%     29.90% |       10128      3.19%     33.08% |        9473      2.98%     36.06% |        9439      2.97%     39.03% |        9571      3.01%     42.04% |        9206      2.90%     44.93% |        9208      2.90%     47.83% |        9345      2.94%     50.77% |        9527      3.00%     53.77% |        9433      2.97%     56.73% |        9826      3.09%     59.82% |        9684      3.05%     62.87% |        9437      2.97%     65.84% |       10592      3.33%     69.17% |        9527      3.00%     72.16% |        9596      3.02%     75.18% |        9641      3.03%     78.21% |        9546      3.00%     81.22% |        9747      3.07%     84.28% |        9589      3.02%     87.30% |        9382      2.95%     90.25% |        9443      2.97%     93.22% |       11525      3.62%     96.84% |       10037      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       317959                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28183      4.02%      4.02% |       21674      3.09%      7.12% |       21678      3.10%     10.21% |       21678      3.10%     13.31% |       21662      3.09%     16.40% |       21658      3.09%     19.50% |       21681      3.10%     22.59% |       21673      3.09%     25.69% |       21688      3.10%     28.78% |       21694      3.10%     31.88% |       21693      3.10%     34.98% |       21691      3.10%     38.08% |       21666      3.09%     41.17% |       21681      3.10%     44.27% |       21668      3.09%     47.36% |       21671      3.09%     50.45% |       21700      3.10%     53.55% |       21696      3.10%     56.65% |       21684      3.10%     59.75% |       21678      3.10%     62.84% |       21671      3.09%     65.94% |       21697      3.10%     69.04% |       21683      3.10%     72.13% |       21689      3.10%     75.23% |       21708      3.10%     78.33% |       21706      3.10%     81.43% |       21694      3.10%     84.53% |       21673      3.09%     87.62% |       21689      3.10%     90.72% |       21668      3.09%     93.81% |       21673      3.09%     96.91% |       21669      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15407      3.15%      3.15% |       15363      3.14%      6.29% |       15318      3.13%      9.41% |       15322      3.13%     12.54% |       15335      3.13%     15.68% |       15288      3.12%     18.80% |       15260      3.12%     21.92% |       15283      3.12%     25.04% |       15309      3.13%     28.16% |       15391      3.14%     31.31% |       15295      3.12%     34.43% |       15244      3.11%     37.55% |       15300      3.13%     40.67% |       15309      3.13%     43.80% |       15312      3.13%     46.93% |       15288      3.12%     50.05% |       15246      3.11%     53.16% |       15300      3.13%     56.29% |       15285      3.12%     59.41% |       15261      3.12%     62.53% |       15332      3.13%     65.66% |       15303      3.13%     68.78% |       15310      3.13%     71.91% |       15268      3.12%     75.03% |       15293      3.12%     78.15% |       15352      3.14%     81.29% |       15311      3.13%     84.42% |       15261      3.12%     87.53% |       15291      3.12%     90.66% |       15290      3.12%     93.78% |       15216      3.11%     96.89% |       15229      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489572                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1880      3.10%      3.10% |        1823      3.01%      6.11% |        1900      3.14%      9.25% |        1862      3.07%     12.32% |        1848      3.05%     15.38% |        1899      3.14%     18.51% |        1936      3.20%     21.71% |        1919      3.17%     24.87% |        1913      3.16%     28.03% |        1865      3.08%     31.11% |        1933      3.19%     34.30% |        1907      3.15%     37.45% |        1889      3.12%     40.57% |        1901      3.14%     43.71% |        1938      3.20%     46.91% |        1917      3.16%     50.07% |        1947      3.21%     53.29% |        1895      3.13%     56.42% |        1931      3.19%     59.60% |        1910      3.15%     62.76% |        1875      3.10%     65.85% |        1890      3.12%     68.97% |        1891      3.12%     72.10% |        1912      3.16%     75.25% |        1883      3.11%     78.36% |        1828      3.02%     81.38% |        1880      3.10%     84.48% |        1861      3.07%     87.56% |        1850      3.05%     90.61% |        1856      3.06%     93.67% |        1910      3.15%     96.83% |        1922      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        60571                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         830      3.12%      3.12% |         816      3.07%      6.18% |         821      3.08%      9.27% |         829      3.11%     12.38% |         821      3.08%     15.47% |         828      3.11%     18.58% |         853      3.20%     21.78% |         854      3.21%     24.99% |         818      3.07%     28.07% |         821      3.08%     31.15% |         809      3.04%     34.19% |         823      3.09%     37.28% |         830      3.12%     40.40% |         821      3.08%     43.49% |         858      3.22%     46.71% |         866      3.25%     49.96% |         839      3.15%     53.12% |         845      3.17%     56.29% |         816      3.07%     59.36% |         819      3.08%     62.43% |         812      3.05%     65.49% |         830      3.12%     68.60% |         840      3.16%     71.76% |         858      3.22%     74.98% |         837      3.14%     78.13% |         845      3.17%     81.30% |         813      3.05%     84.36% |         821      3.08%     87.44% |         821      3.08%     90.53% |         833      3.13%     93.66% |         845      3.17%     96.83% |         843      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149698      5.78%      5.78% |       79937      3.09%      8.87% |       78255      3.02%     11.90% |       79034      3.05%     14.95% |       78495      3.03%     17.98% |       77933      3.01%     21.00% |       77958      3.01%     24.01% |       77503      2.99%     27.00% |       77922      3.01%     30.01% |       79055      3.05%     33.07% |       80146      3.10%     36.17% |       79231      3.06%     39.23% |       78854      3.05%     42.27% |       77565      3.00%     45.27% |       76990      2.97%     48.25% |       77407      2.99%     51.24% |       78540      3.03%     54.27% |       78189      3.02%     57.29% |       78778      3.04%     60.34% |       78706      3.04%     63.38% |       78579      3.04%     66.42% |       80916      3.13%     69.54% |       78902      3.05%     72.59% |       78014      3.01%     75.61% |       78296      3.03%     78.63% |       78766      3.04%     81.67% |       78340      3.03%     84.70% |       77757      3.00%     87.71% |       78239      3.02%     90.73% |       77776      3.01%     93.73% |       80342      3.10%     96.84% |       81807      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2587930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           2     14.29%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           6      2.35%      2.35% |           9      3.53%      5.88% |          10      3.92%      9.80% |           9      3.53%     13.33% |           3      1.18%     14.51% |           8      3.14%     17.65% |           4      1.57%     19.22% |           7      2.75%     21.96% |           5      1.96%     23.92% |           4      1.57%     25.49% |          15      5.88%     31.37% |           9      3.53%     34.90% |           4      1.57%     36.47% |           5      1.96%     38.43% |           3      1.18%     39.61% |           7      2.75%     42.35% |           4      1.57%     43.92% |           5      1.96%     45.88% |          11      4.31%     50.20% |          16      6.27%     56.47% |           9      3.53%     60.00% |          11      4.31%     64.31% |          14      5.49%     69.80% |           7      2.75%     72.55% |           8      3.14%     75.69% |           3      1.18%     76.86% |          11      4.31%     81.18% |          10      3.92%     85.10% |           9      3.53%     88.63% |          10      3.92%     92.55% |          11      4.31%     96.86% |           8      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          91      3.32%      3.32% |          70      2.55%      5.88% |          84      3.07%      8.94% |          82      2.99%     11.93% |          72      2.63%     14.56% |          74      2.70%     17.26% |          63      2.30%     19.56% |          78      2.85%     22.41% |          68      2.48%     24.89% |          76      2.77%     27.66% |         113      4.12%     31.79% |          83      3.03%     34.82% |          90      3.28%     38.10% |          91      3.32%     41.42% |          89      3.25%     44.67% |          86      3.14%     47.81% |          75      2.74%     50.55% |          82      2.99%     53.54% |          80      2.92%     56.46% |          85      3.10%     59.56% |          96      3.50%     63.07% |         151      5.51%     68.58% |          98      3.58%     72.15% |          74      2.70%     74.85% |          75      2.74%     77.59% |          75      2.74%     80.33% |          88      3.21%     83.54% |          87      3.18%     86.72% |          85      3.10%     89.82% |          89      3.25%     93.07% |          93      3.39%     96.46% |          97      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26     34.67%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |           0      0.00%     34.67% |          17     22.67%     57.33% |          17     22.67%     80.00% |          15     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           75                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.97%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           1      0.97%      1.94% |           0      0.00%      1.94% |           0      0.00%      1.94% |           0      0.00%      1.94% |           2      1.94%      3.88% |          20     19.42%     23.30% |           2      1.94%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           0      0.00%     27.18% |           2      1.94%     29.13% |           0      0.00%     29.13% |           0      0.00%     29.13% |           0      0.00%     29.13% |           1      0.97%     30.10% |           0      0.00%     30.10% |           0      0.00%     30.10% |          50     48.54%     78.64% |          15     14.56%     93.20% |           1      0.97%     94.17% |           2      1.94%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           2      1.94%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           2      1.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26     92.86%     92.86% |           2      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46095      3.64%      3.64% |       39352      3.11%      6.74% |       39409      3.11%      9.86% |       39374      3.11%     12.96% |       39345      3.11%     16.07% |       39306      3.10%     19.17% |       39345      3.11%     22.28% |       39398      3.11%     25.39% |       39385      3.11%     28.50% |       39423      3.11%     31.61% |       39465      3.12%     34.72% |       39354      3.11%     37.83% |       39400      3.11%     40.94% |       39374      3.11%     44.05% |       39403      3.11%     47.16% |       39352      3.11%     50.27% |       39375      3.11%     53.37% |       39398      3.11%     56.48% |       39418      3.11%     59.60% |       39337      3.11%     62.70% |       39376      3.11%     65.81% |       39449      3.11%     68.92% |       39365      3.11%     72.03% |       39328      3.10%     75.13% |       39411      3.11%     78.25% |       39439      3.11%     81.36% |       39435      3.11%     84.47% |       39301      3.10%     87.57% |       39357      3.11%     90.68% |       39366      3.11%     93.79% |       39352      3.11%     96.89% |       39342      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1266829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          57     21.35%     21.35% |           7      2.62%     23.97% |           9      3.37%     27.34% |           8      3.00%     30.34% |           2      0.75%     31.09% |           6      2.25%     33.33% |           3      1.12%     34.46% |           6      2.25%     36.70% |           3      1.12%     37.83% |           3      1.12%     38.95% |          12      4.49%     43.45% |           9      3.37%     46.82% |           4      1.50%     48.31% |           5      1.87%     50.19% |           3      1.12%     51.31% |           7      2.62%     53.93% |           4      1.50%     55.43% |           4      1.50%     56.93% |          10      3.75%     60.67% |          16      5.99%     66.67% |           8      3.00%     69.66% |           7      2.62%     72.28% |          11      4.12%     76.40% |           7      2.62%     79.03% |           7      2.62%     81.65% |           2      0.75%     82.40% |          10      3.75%     86.14% |           7      2.62%     88.76% |           6      2.25%     91.01% |           8      3.00%     94.01% |          10      3.75%     97.75% |           6      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          267                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           3      7.14%     80.95% |           3      7.14%     88.10% |           2      4.76%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |          13     86.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |          16     88.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           3     23.08%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           3     23.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      1.82%      1.82% |           4      1.46%      3.28% |          10      3.65%      6.93% |          11      4.01%     10.95% |           6      2.19%     13.14% |           7      2.55%     15.69% |           2      0.73%     16.42% |           6      2.19%     18.61% |           9      3.28%     21.90% |           4      1.46%     23.36% |          11      4.01%     27.37% |           7      2.55%     29.93% |          10      3.65%     33.58% |           6      2.19%     35.77% |           7      2.55%     38.32% |           4      1.46%     39.78% |           3      1.09%     40.88% |           4      1.46%     42.34% |           6      2.19%     44.53% |          11      4.01%     48.54% |          30     10.95%     59.49% |          38     13.87%     73.36% |           8      2.92%     76.28% |           6      2.19%     78.47% |           5      1.82%     80.29% |           5      1.82%     82.12% |           8      2.92%     85.04% |           8      2.92%     87.96% |           8      2.92%     90.88% |          13      4.74%     95.62% |           9      3.28%     98.91% |           3      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          86      3.49%      3.49% |          66      2.68%      6.17% |          74      3.00%      9.17% |          71      2.88%     12.05% |          66      2.68%     14.73% |          66      2.68%     17.41% |          61      2.48%     19.89% |          72      2.92%     22.81% |          59      2.39%     25.20% |          72      2.92%     28.12% |         102      4.14%     32.26% |          76      3.08%     35.35% |          80      3.25%     38.60% |          85      3.45%     42.05% |          82      3.33%     45.37% |          82      3.33%     48.70% |          72      2.92%     51.62% |          78      3.17%     54.79% |          74      3.00%     57.79% |          74      3.00%     60.80% |          66      2.68%     63.47% |         113      4.59%     68.06% |          90      3.65%     71.71% |          68      2.76%     74.47% |          70      2.84%     77.31% |          70      2.84%     80.15% |          80      3.25%     83.40% |          78      3.17%     86.57% |          77      3.12%     89.69% |          76      3.08%     92.78% |          84      3.41%     96.19% |          94      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2737      3.19%      3.19% |        2731      3.18%      6.37% |        2795      3.26%      9.62% |        2788      3.25%     12.87% |        2669      3.11%     15.98% |        2733      3.18%     19.16% |        2745      3.20%     22.36% |        2757      3.21%     25.57% |        2661      3.10%     28.67% |        2613      3.04%     31.71% |        2670      3.11%     34.82% |        2702      3.15%     37.97% |        2619      3.05%     41.02% |        2628      3.06%     44.08% |        2614      3.04%     47.12% |        2634      3.07%     50.19% |        2634      3.07%     53.26% |        2555      2.98%     56.23% |        2620      3.05%     59.28% |        2635      3.07%     62.35% |        2604      3.03%     65.39% |        2589      3.02%     68.40% |        2632      3.07%     71.47% |        2740      3.19%     74.66% |        2677      3.12%     77.77% |        2681      3.12%     80.90% |        2677      3.12%     84.01% |        2721      3.17%     87.18% |        2658      3.10%     90.28% |        2725      3.17%     93.45% |        2790      3.25%     96.70% |        2832      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        85866                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2321      3.17%      3.17% |        2210      3.02%      6.19% |        2296      3.14%      9.33% |        2260      3.09%     12.42% |        2252      3.08%     15.50% |        2255      3.08%     18.58% |        2314      3.16%     21.74% |        2335      3.19%     24.93% |        2293      3.13%     28.07% |        2234      3.05%     31.12% |        2327      3.18%     34.30% |        2306      3.15%     37.45% |        2318      3.17%     40.62% |        2267      3.10%     43.72% |        2309      3.16%     46.87% |        2279      3.11%     49.99% |        2329      3.18%     53.17% |        2293      3.13%     56.31% |        2335      3.19%     59.50% |        2275      3.11%     62.61% |        2246      3.07%     65.68% |        2264      3.09%     68.77% |        2239      3.06%     71.83% |        2269      3.10%     74.93% |        2304      3.15%     78.08% |        2277      3.11%     81.19% |        2309      3.16%     84.35% |        2250      3.08%     87.42% |        2262      3.09%     90.52% |        2287      3.13%     93.64% |        2337      3.19%     96.84% |        2315      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73167                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3      0.38%      0.38% |          14      1.79%      2.17% |          18      2.30%      4.47% |          25      3.19%      7.66% |          31      3.96%     11.62% |          24      3.07%     14.69% |          27      3.45%     18.14% |          25      3.19%     21.33% |          29      3.70%     25.03% |          45      5.75%     30.78% |          44      5.62%     36.40% |          48      6.13%     42.53% |          50      6.39%     48.91% |          33      4.21%     53.13% |          26      3.32%     56.45% |          32      4.09%     60.54% |          33      4.21%     64.75% |          47      6.00%     70.75% |          37      4.73%     75.48% |          32      4.09%     79.57% |          31      3.96%     83.52% |          17      2.17%     85.70% |          14      1.79%     87.48% |          11      1.40%     88.89% |          11      1.40%     90.29% |          19      2.43%     92.72% |           8      1.02%     93.74% |          12      1.53%     95.27% |          12      1.53%     96.81% |          10      1.28%     98.08% |          10      1.28%     99.36% |           5      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24650      4.24%      4.24% |       17999      3.09%      7.33% |       18043      3.10%     10.43% |       17996      3.09%     13.52% |       17967      3.09%     16.61% |       17948      3.08%     19.70% |       17961      3.09%     22.78% |       17976      3.09%     25.87% |       17978      3.09%     28.96% |       18015      3.10%     32.06% |       18048      3.10%     35.16% |       17907      3.08%     38.24% |       17939      3.08%     41.32% |       17954      3.09%     44.41% |       17980      3.09%     47.50% |       17935      3.08%     50.58% |       17936      3.08%     53.66% |       17935      3.08%     56.74% |       17970      3.09%     59.83% |       17930      3.08%     62.91% |       17959      3.09%     66.00% |       18010      3.10%     69.10% |       18006      3.09%     72.19% |       17964      3.09%     75.28% |       17989      3.09%     78.37% |       17996      3.09%     81.46% |       18016      3.10%     84.56% |       17942      3.08%     87.64% |       17976      3.09%     90.73% |       17972      3.09%     93.82% |       17954      3.09%     96.91% |       18000      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       581851                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         474      3.10%      3.10% |         431      2.82%      5.92% |         443      2.90%      8.82% |         446      2.92%     11.74% |         462      3.02%     14.76% |         431      2.82%     17.58% |         457      2.99%     20.57% |         503      3.29%     23.86% |         477      3.12%     26.98% |         478      3.13%     30.11% |         503      3.29%     33.40% |         508      3.32%     36.72% |         538      3.52%     40.24% |         501      3.28%     43.52% |         506      3.31%     46.83% |         500      3.27%     50.10% |         513      3.36%     53.46% |         531      3.47%     56.94% |         518      3.39%     60.32% |         481      3.15%     63.47% |         467      3.06%     66.53% |         480      3.14%     69.67% |         439      2.87%     72.54% |         438      2.87%     75.41% |         486      3.18%     78.59% |         517      3.38%     81.97% |         483      3.16%     85.13% |         441      2.89%     88.01% |         462      3.02%     91.04% |         473      3.09%     94.13% |         468      3.06%     97.19% |         429      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15284                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21974      3.13%     65.63% |       21983      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           8      1.54%      1.54% |          10      1.93%      3.47% |          16      3.09%      6.56% |          12      2.32%      8.88% |           8      1.54%     10.42% |          13      2.51%     12.93% |          12      2.32%     15.25% |          14      2.70%     17.95% |          14      2.70%     20.66% |          12      2.32%     22.97% |          15      2.90%     25.87% |          24      4.63%     30.50% |          23      4.44%     34.94% |          20      3.86%     38.80% |          19      3.67%     42.47% |          10      1.93%     44.40% |          19      3.67%     48.07% |          20      3.86%     51.93% |          20      3.86%     55.79% |          26      5.02%     60.81% |          13      2.51%     63.32% |          16      3.09%     66.41% |          16      3.09%     69.50% |          20      3.86%     73.36% |          19      3.67%     77.03% |          23      4.44%     81.47% |          16      3.09%     84.56% |          21      4.05%     88.61% |          11      2.12%     90.73% |          17      3.28%     94.02% |          14      2.70%     96.72% |          17      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2      4.08%      4.08% |           2      4.08%      8.16% |           1      2.04%     10.20% |           0      0.00%     10.20% |           1      2.04%     12.24% |           1      2.04%     14.29% |           2      4.08%     18.37% |           1      2.04%     20.41% |           2      4.08%     24.49% |           3      6.12%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           2      4.08%     36.73% |           1      2.04%     38.78% |           3      6.12%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |           0      0.00%     51.02% |           1      2.04%     53.06% |           2      4.08%     57.14% |           4      8.16%     65.31% |           2      4.08%     69.39% |           2      4.08%     73.47% |           4      8.16%     81.63% |           1      2.04%     83.67% |           2      4.08%     87.76% |           0      0.00%     87.76% |           1      2.04%     89.80% |           2      4.08%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           2      4.08%     97.96% |           1      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152674      5.69%      5.69% |       82759      3.09%      8.78% |       81176      3.03%     11.81% |       81923      3.06%     14.86% |       81342      3.03%     17.90% |       80847      3.02%     20.91% |       80925      3.02%     23.93% |       80478      3.00%     26.93% |       80833      3.01%     29.95% |       81919      3.06%     33.00% |       83118      3.10%     36.10% |       82163      3.06%     39.16% |       81759      3.05%     42.21% |       80475      3.00%     45.21% |       79983      2.98%     48.20% |       80386      3.00%     51.20% |       81506      3.04%     54.24% |       81102      3.02%     57.26% |       81704      3.05%     60.31% |       81626      3.04%     63.35% |       81465      3.04%     66.39% |       83883      3.13%     69.52% |       81851      3.05%     72.57% |       80963      3.02%     75.59% |       81201      3.03%     78.62% |       81608      3.04%     81.66% |       81237      3.03%     84.69% |       80636      3.01%     87.70% |       81103      3.02%     90.72% |       80664      3.01%     93.73% |       83312      3.11%     96.84% |       84788      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2681409                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           5      1.38%      1.38% |           4      1.10%      2.48% |           5      1.38%      3.86% |          11      3.03%      6.89% |          10      2.75%      9.64% |           5      1.38%     11.02% |           9      2.48%     13.50% |          13      3.58%     17.08% |          11      3.03%     20.11% |           6      1.65%     21.76% |          12      3.31%     25.07% |          16      4.41%     29.48% |          13      3.58%     33.06% |          14      3.86%     36.91% |           7      1.93%     38.84% |          16      4.41%     43.25% |          14      3.86%     47.11% |           9      2.48%     49.59% |          18      4.96%     54.55% |          18      4.96%     59.50% |          15      4.13%     63.64% |          10      2.75%     66.39% |           8      2.20%     68.60% |          18      4.96%     73.55% |          15      4.13%     77.69% |          11      3.03%     80.72% |          18      4.96%     85.67% |          17      4.68%     90.36% |          10      2.75%     93.11% |           6      1.65%     94.77% |           7      1.93%     96.69% |          12      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1856      3.17%      3.17% |        1809      3.09%      6.25% |        1847      3.15%      9.40% |        1818      3.10%     12.50% |        1800      3.07%     15.57% |        1837      3.13%     18.71% |        1854      3.16%     21.87% |        1840      3.14%     25.01% |        1801      3.07%     28.08% |        1770      3.02%     31.10% |        1879      3.21%     34.31% |        1864      3.18%     37.49% |        1832      3.13%     40.61% |        1818      3.10%     43.71% |        1882      3.21%     46.92% |        1884      3.21%     50.14% |        1884      3.21%     53.35% |        1813      3.09%     56.44% |        1859      3.17%     59.61% |        1846      3.15%     62.76% |        1782      3.04%     65.80% |        1813      3.09%     68.90% |        1842      3.14%     72.04% |        1868      3.19%     75.22% |        1824      3.11%     78.34% |        1769      3.02%     81.35% |        1817      3.10%     84.45% |        1810      3.09%     87.54% |        1807      3.08%     90.62% |        1783      3.04%     93.66% |        1872      3.19%     96.86% |        1842      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        58622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          24      1.23%      1.23% |          14      0.72%      1.95% |          53      2.72%      4.67% |          44      2.26%      6.93% |          48      2.47%      9.40% |          62      3.18%     12.58% |          82      4.21%     16.80% |          79      4.06%     20.85% |         112      5.75%     26.61% |          95      4.88%     31.48% |          54      2.77%     34.26% |          43      2.21%     36.47% |          57      2.93%     39.39% |          83      4.26%     43.66% |          56      2.88%     46.53% |          33      1.69%     48.23% |          63      3.24%     51.46% |          82      4.21%     55.68% |          72      3.70%     59.37% |          64      3.29%     62.66% |          93      4.78%     67.44% |          77      3.95%     71.39% |          49      2.52%     73.91% |          44      2.26%     76.17% |          59      3.03%     79.20% |          57      2.93%     82.13% |          63      3.24%     85.36% |          51      2.62%     87.98% |          43      2.21%     90.19% |          73      3.75%     93.94% |          38      1.95%     95.89% |          80      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          24      1.23%      1.23% |          14      0.72%      1.95% |          53      2.72%      4.67% |          44      2.26%      6.93% |          48      2.47%      9.40% |          62      3.18%     12.58% |          82      4.21%     16.80% |          79      4.06%     20.85% |         112      5.75%     26.61% |          95      4.88%     31.48% |          54      2.77%     34.26% |          43      2.21%     36.47% |          57      2.93%     39.39% |          83      4.26%     43.66% |          56      2.88%     46.53% |          33      1.69%     48.23% |          63      3.24%     51.46% |          82      4.21%     55.68% |          72      3.70%     59.37% |          64      3.29%     62.66% |          93      4.78%     67.44% |          77      3.95%     71.39% |          49      2.52%     73.91% |          44      2.26%     76.17% |          59      3.03%     79.20% |          57      2.93%     82.13% |          63      3.24%     85.36% |          51      2.62%     87.98% |          43      2.21%     90.19% |          73      3.75%     93.94% |          38      1.95%     95.89% |          80      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1947                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           4     18.18%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           4     18.18%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           2      9.09%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           3     13.64%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1856      3.17%      3.17% |        1809      3.09%      6.25% |        1847      3.15%      9.40% |        1818      3.10%     12.50% |        1800      3.07%     15.57% |        1837      3.13%     18.71% |        1854      3.16%     21.87% |        1840      3.14%     25.01% |        1801      3.07%     28.08% |        1770      3.02%     31.10% |        1879      3.21%     34.31% |        1864      3.18%     37.48% |        1832      3.12%     40.61% |        1818      3.10%     43.71% |        1882      3.21%     46.92% |        1884      3.21%     50.13% |        1884      3.21%     53.35% |        1813      3.09%     56.44% |        1859      3.17%     59.61% |        1846      3.15%     62.76% |        1782      3.04%     65.80% |        1813      3.09%     68.89% |        1842      3.14%     72.04% |        1868      3.19%     75.22% |        1824      3.11%     78.33% |        1771      3.02%     81.35% |        1817      3.10%     84.45% |        1810      3.09%     87.54% |        1807      3.08%     90.62% |        1783      3.04%     93.66% |        1872      3.19%     96.86% |        1842      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        58624                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      547010     19.13%     19.13% |     1429514     50.00%     69.13% |      104814      3.67%     72.80% |      110374      3.86%     76.66% |      111431      3.90%     80.56% |      117516      4.11%     84.67% |      111192      3.89%     88.56% |      121354      4.24%     92.80% |      105384      3.69%     96.49% |      100439      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2859028                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      547010     19.13%     19.13% |     1429514     50.00%     69.13% |      104814      3.67%     72.80% |      110374      3.86%     76.66% |      111431      3.90%     80.56% |      117516      4.11%     84.67% |      111192      3.89%     88.56% |      121354      4.24%     92.80% |      105384      3.69%     96.49% |      100439      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2859028                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      547010     19.13%     19.13% |     1429514     50.00%     69.13% |      104814      3.67%     72.80% |      110374      3.86%     76.66% |      111431      3.90%     80.56% |      117516      4.11%     84.67% |      111192      3.89%     88.56% |      121354      4.24%     92.80% |      105384      3.69%     96.49% |      100439      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2859028                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      547010     19.13%     19.13% |     1429514     50.00%     69.13% |      104814      3.67%     72.80% |      110374      3.86%     76.66% |      111431      3.90%     80.56% |      117516      4.11%     84.67% |      111192      3.89%     88.56% |      121354      4.24%     92.80% |      105384      3.69%     96.49% |      100439      3.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2859028                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
