
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059710                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59709977000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235878055500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95190                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   169380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143221194                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4842204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   416.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39685415                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70615897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14033856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14033856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235033686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            235033686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67119101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67119101                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302152788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302152788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14033856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      658                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      397                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59709485500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.221807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   136.144322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   239.291186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41329     48.39%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17809     20.85%     69.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14851     17.39%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2741      3.21%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1787      2.09%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1321      1.55%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1076      1.26%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          906      1.06%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3583      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.756414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.878512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11876     97.04%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          196      1.60%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           69      0.56%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           48      0.39%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.116522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.880256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12119     99.03%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            44      0.36%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.14%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           58      0.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3062169268                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7173163018                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13966.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32716.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      235.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   235.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157929                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211811.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10781695500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1993680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46929863250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              326221560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              319394880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              177997875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              174273000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862438200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847618200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205694640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200057040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25594172775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24938950365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13372106250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13946862750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44438269380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44326794315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.294480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.427389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13850944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13850944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231970346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231970346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64322651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64322651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296292996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296292996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13850944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      154                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      290                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59709226500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  43041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.672996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.164567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.607098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37868     46.81%     46.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17091     21.13%     67.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14480     17.90%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2612      3.23%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1832      2.26%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1338      1.65%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1082      1.34%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          938      1.16%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3651      4.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.277910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.759577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11380     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          172      1.47%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           78      0.66%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           52      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           26      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.114028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.805432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11612     98.96%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            62      0.53%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           24      0.20%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           36      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2787643421                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6845068421                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12882.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31632.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156620                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38885                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    215999.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11216750000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1993680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46495302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              310292640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              301250880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169306500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              164373000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851518200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836253600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197555760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25284705525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24371298765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13643568750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14444802750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44356585455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44208913155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.926360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.453003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231979992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231979992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64343016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64343016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296323008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296323008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216430                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13850688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      217                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      330                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59709259500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    48                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.758730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.144560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.346669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38046     47.04%     47.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16610     20.54%     67.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14632     18.09%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2738      3.39%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1854      2.29%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1335      1.65%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1111      1.37%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          918      1.14%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3628      4.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.268035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    77.560934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11392     97.03%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          173      1.47%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           69      0.59%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           58      0.49%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           23      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.112512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.078150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.838408                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11623     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            55      0.47%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           19      0.16%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           44      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2848688457                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6906507207                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13162.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31912.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156657                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    215977.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11118316250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1993680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46593372750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              310640400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              300744360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              169496250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              164096625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851611800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836323800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197588160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25264737855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24516741960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13661084250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14317221000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44354796795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44226146145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.896401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.741638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231731324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231731324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64285136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64285136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    296016460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           296016460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216199                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      128                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      258                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59709231500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216199                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.312734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.382211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.316965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37820     46.93%     46.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16599     20.60%     67.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14664     18.20%     85.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2667      3.31%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1806      2.24%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1290      1.60%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1133      1.41%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          913      1.13%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3694      4.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.277062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.855689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11363     96.93%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          181      1.54%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           67      0.57%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           52      0.44%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           29      0.25%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           18      0.15%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.115755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.082138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.818649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11602     98.97%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            59      0.50%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           25      0.21%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           37      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2849876744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6903401744                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13182.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31932.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38936                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216200.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11005983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1993680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46705854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              308493360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              300736800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              168324750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              164092500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850270200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835910400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197238240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3899638080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25186318965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24323027175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13729872750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14487146250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44340156345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44201931525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.651189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.336068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472642                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.466272                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.086474                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.260941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7470369     99.97%     99.97% |        2054      0.03%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472642                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20854970                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.639010                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450939                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.966803                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    19988827     95.85%     95.85% |      853654      4.09%     99.94% |        5982      0.03%     99.97% |        2070      0.01%     99.98% |        1287      0.01%     99.98% |         850      0.00%     99.99% |         697      0.00%     99.99% |         635      0.00%    100.00% |         968      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20854970                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20854967                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.476304                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.779281                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             49.759178                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20837911     99.92%     99.92% |       15488      0.07%     99.99% |         891      0.00%    100.00% |         432      0.00%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20854967                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19629781                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000241                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000208                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015549                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19625055     99.98%     99.98% |        4723      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19629781                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225186                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        181.322513                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.661155                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       110.521693                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1208130     98.61%     98.61% |       15488      1.26%     99.87% |         891      0.07%     99.94% |         432      0.04%     99.98% |         156      0.01%     99.99% |          68      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225186                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         822357                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       822357                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14090695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14531891                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4740565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4864857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111474                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22656                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52964                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1883052                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45274                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80413                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           91                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99349                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           98                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           85                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80404                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles          125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80395                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           95                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles          124                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles          117                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37021                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27128                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36781                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36326                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37562                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         1345                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9366901                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9366901                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9443267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9366901                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4643876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4641985                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9366901                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078437                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5758875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5758875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5804045                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5758875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3796747                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3786739                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5758875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.048224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4252392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4252392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4284713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4252392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2070894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2068848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4252392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035609                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3758441                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3758441                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3784843                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3758441                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1944164                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1943037                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3758441                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4042633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4042633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4062936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4042633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2441327                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2438661                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4042633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3756215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3756215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3774693                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3756215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2173142                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2172411                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3756215                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031454                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4857607                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082864                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082249                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822541                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040383                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3717082                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3717082                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3742165                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3717082                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1808604                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1807690                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3717082                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031126                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535878                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535878                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2547424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535878                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324314                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535878                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021235                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2960496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2960496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2972708                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2960496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1650034                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1649448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2960496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024791                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070706                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910099                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064199                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735446                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014511                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995305                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011163                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1011017                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991757                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016679                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771491                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768560                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       800908                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800832                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768559                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014810                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062566                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062566                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064463                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062566                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454775                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454722                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062566                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008898                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495885                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495885                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500192                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495885                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676392                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676277                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495885                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012526                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035679                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035679                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035679                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821947                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821851                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035679                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017046                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618005                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618005                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621781                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618005                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688877                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688805                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618005                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013549                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513648                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707583                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707420                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507720                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012625                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       890962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       890962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893303                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       890962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398230                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       890962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007461                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888847                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888847                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889282                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888847                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888847                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541415                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985086                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008249                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948163                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948163                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948926                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948163                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474040                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474015                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948163                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007940                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849159                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407323                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848767                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971894                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971894                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971894                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530221                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530142                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971894                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008138                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934728                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934728                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935468                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934728                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462248                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462208                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934728                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007827                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597304                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597304                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597304                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597304                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275508                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275508                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597304                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005002                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855367                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855367                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3900182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855367                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880477                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879591                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855367                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3706339                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734438                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3794312                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696596                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695652                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761384                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031497                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852958                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770183                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769296                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820688                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031994                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6381258     29.45%     29.45% |    14161803     65.36%     94.81% |     1123567      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21666628                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6381260     29.45%     29.45% |    14161804     65.36%     94.81% |     1123567      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21666631                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   155362070                       |   334666477                       |    25525743                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    16867630                       |    45456285                       |     1124300                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.346621                       |   23.631629                       |   22.718488                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.643308                       |    3.209781                       |    1.000652                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.794856                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.928384                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.723240                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002846                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062379      7.12%      7.12% |    0.062514      7.13%     14.25% |    0.062297      7.11%     21.35% |    0.062462      7.13%     28.48% |    0.145268     16.57%     45.05% |    0.144084     16.44%     61.49% |    0.145265     16.57%     78.06% |    0.144032     16.43%     94.49% |    0.012071      1.38%     95.87% |    0.012077      1.38%     97.25% |    0.012075      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012074      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.876598                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021724                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022654                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002146                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002140                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004935                       |    0.002518                       |    0.002471                       |    0.002479                       |    0.002488                       |    0.002459                       |    0.002436                       |    0.002401                       |    0.002528                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002563                       |    0.002498                       |    0.002463                       |    0.002451                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002571                       |    0.002469                       |    0.002488                       |    0.002451                       |    0.002461                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002424                       |    0.002518                       |    0.002456                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002506                       |    0.002494                       |    0.002607                       |    0.002647                       |    0.011004                       |    0.010858                       |    0.010858                       |    0.010846                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000708                       |    0.007599                       |    0.000953                       |    0.000863                       |    0.000852                       |    0.000870                       |    0.000848                       |    0.000861                       |    0.000815                       |    0.000827                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002568                       |    0.000208                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002666                       |    0.002001                       |    0.004027                       |    0.002597                       |    0.000815                       |    0.003673                       |    0.007105                       |    0.003018                       |           0                       |    0.002595                       |    0.005555                       |           0                       |    0.008240                       |    0.012155                       |    0.003739                       |    0.004854                       |    0.002560                       |    0.000953                       |    0.007822                       |    0.008532                       |    0.010887                       |    0.004036                       |    0.002546                       |    0.000863                       |    0.010298                       |    0.006729                       |    0.007000                       |           0                       |    0.002538                       |    0.005419                       |           0                       |    0.011244                       |    0.007154                       |    0.004412                       |           0                       |    0.002559                       |           0                       |    0.005016                       |    0.003581                       |    0.003355                       |           0                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |    0.002003                       |           0                       |    0.002545                       |           0                       |    0.001104                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002138                       |    0.004037                       |    0.002549                       |    0.000827                       |    0.004852                       |    0.003423                       |    0.006920                       |    0.002182                       |    0.004036                       |    0.002571                       |    0.000852                       |    0.003848                       |    0.009557                       |    0.010057                       |    0.002931                       |    0.027477                       |    0.004241                       |    0.000708                       |    0.006930                       |    0.014777                       |    0.017889                       |    0.006415                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002569                       |    0.007599                       |    0.006215                       |    0.012479                       |    0.013035                       |    0.006322                       |    0.004048                       |    0.002529                       |    0.000870                       |    0.005670                       |    0.007887                       |    0.006792                       |    0.003656                       |           0                       |    0.002559                       |           0                       |    0.002342                       |    0.004919                       |    0.003411                       |    0.003448                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.002456                       |    0.002138                       |           0                       |    0.002576                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002520                       |           0                       |    0.002619                       |           0                       |    0.004270                       |    0.003322                       |    0.004545                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002659                       |    0.005420                       |           0                       |    0.002937                       |    0.008052                       |    0.009922                       |    0.002507                       |    0.004036                       |    0.002526                       |    0.000848                       |    0.016716                       |    0.007536                       |    0.006097                       |    0.002623                       |    0.004036                       |    0.002507                       |    0.000861                       |    0.005329                       |    0.010291                       |    0.005572                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |    0.002652                       |    0.005414                       |           0                       |    0.003612                       |    0.011293                       |    0.006449                       |    0.002573                       |           0                       |    0.002517                       |           0                       |    0.001612                       |    0.004913                       |    0.003228                       |    0.002540                       |           0                       |    0.002566                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |    0.002520                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002424                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |           0                       |    0.002009                       |           0                       |    0.004361                       |           0                       |    0.002507                       |           0                       |    0.003019                       |    0.001511                       |    0.005489                       |           0                       |    0.002623                       |           0                       |    0.008331                       |    0.003237                       |    0.002856                       |           0                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |    0.002012                       |    0.006363                       |    0.002643                       |           0                       |    0.002573                       |           0                       |    0.004359                       |    0.005692                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002540                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004921                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002470                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.876598                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8038160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8038160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6140154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5510476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.744915                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          740175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12333247                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52683                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9912427                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             45002                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12385930                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9957429                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22245674                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22343359                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4871980                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9724                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4881704                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4871980                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9724                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4881704                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112591581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17638026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48074198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8038160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6250651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              89958909                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       234255                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320547                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4871305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3937                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108838458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.808931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92282814     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1691328      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1171046      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2673301      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1593555      1.46%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731335      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1368779      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864464      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6461836      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108838458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071392                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.426979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10421587                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86629272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5838744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5570356                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82290500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12515828                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49685559                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6483954                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9009157                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30765461                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80877022                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8017167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90405466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184567919                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    117893332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77919362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486089                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34263879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7577921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10136353                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2622570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2225310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78806604                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       655909                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          81943081                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817514                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12082778                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62819                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108838458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.752887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76786566     70.55%     70.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12233050     11.24%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6441125      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4666631      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3476446      3.19%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3216046      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483817      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339244      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195533      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108838458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181155     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631749     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84566      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273012      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59115910     72.14%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12469675     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10004027     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       81943081                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727790                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010952                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    273794370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87287168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75804431                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82567491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2373821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155069                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2674                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7545                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519349                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5590679                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7124939                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34293831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79462513                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7577921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10136353                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       646693                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         628098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447960                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7545                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179416                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81365505                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12319890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22247118                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6473077                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9927228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75884960                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75804467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45864897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          75945671                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673269                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834175                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       593090                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354517                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107446520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.644956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84547473     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7971551      7.42%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4371659      4.07%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2457053      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2641678      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2082980      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480903      0.45%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482948      0.45%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2410275      2.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107446520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39685414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70615894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16039851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6422848                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6091389                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70241637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       661392                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54339260     76.95%     77.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6422848      9.10%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9617003     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70615894                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2410275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184412230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160298432                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85303                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3753123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39685414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70615894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.837102                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.837102                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352472                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352472                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120056993                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59075073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29740399                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24620832                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35375318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10611649000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10611648999.999985                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408170                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.012104                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.220258                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       13.033581                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3405897     99.93%     99.93% |        2054      0.06%     99.99% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408170                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039075                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.025177                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.988647                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.506388                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      643446     15.93%     15.93% |     2229866     55.21%     71.14% |     1126154     27.88%     99.02% |       39517      0.98%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039075                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.368508                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.888237                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.874598                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         792      3.12%      3.12% |        3502     13.79%     16.91% |       11422     44.97%     61.88% |        5123     20.17%     82.05% |        4144     16.32%     98.37% |         357      1.41%     99.78% |          52      0.20%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25397                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6148173                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.131551                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.112324                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          79.074444                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6134347     99.78%     99.78% |       12259      0.20%     99.97% |         890      0.01%     99.99% |         432      0.01%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6148173                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5344224                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023042                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5341400     99.95%     99.95% |        2823      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5344224                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     202.836646                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.623434                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.478313                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      790123     98.28%     98.28% |       12259      1.52%     99.81% |         890      0.11%     99.92% |         432      0.05%     99.97% |         156      0.02%     99.99% |          68      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803949                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9684361                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.825815                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.363518                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.626283                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9495288     98.05%     98.05% |      166732      1.72%     99.77% |       18978      0.20%     99.97% |         384      0.00%     99.97% |        1292      0.01%     99.98% |        1489      0.02%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9684361                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9396712                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000189                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000163                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013777                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9394934     99.98%     99.98% |        1776      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9396712                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287649                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.465901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.827417                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.797897                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98576     34.27%     34.27% |      166732     57.96%     92.23% |       18978      6.60%     98.83% |         384      0.13%     98.96% |        1292      0.45%     99.41% |        1489      0.52%     99.93% |         185      0.06%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287649                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4864855                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.093771                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.257317                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.725310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4851199     99.72%     99.72% |       11217      0.23%     99.95% |        2182      0.04%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4864855                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4740565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4740564    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4740565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.952635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.158740                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.985851                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11217      9.02%     98.04% |        2182      1.76%     99.79% |          46      0.04%     99.83% |          92      0.07%     99.90% |         106      0.09%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.750576                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647718                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.150711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154292     98.73%     98.73% |        1526      0.98%     99.71% |         395      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146881     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.949827                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.723777                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.542421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.64%     78.64% |        1526     16.47%     95.10% |         395      4.26%     99.36% |          19      0.21%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        15965                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       627198                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        68595                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   108949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54526                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108503                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    8076                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108858                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  109088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7398                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108468                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6634                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54574                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    978                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    875                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    962                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    196                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   197                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                   155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   988                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   159                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   864                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   933                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   844                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                   157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   191                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                   153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      40                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      28                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      70                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                25416876                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                11774061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               150652915                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6127471                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               652103041                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                12710219                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               137951259                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 7018185                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                18659625                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               12282225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              147765119                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                5699833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               19015236                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               11099712                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              154558043                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles                5647216                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               18305393                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               12123519                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              150250189                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles                6505244                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               18806445                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               12131529                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              141570661                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles                6314137                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles              743211490                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               13848651                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles              176851017                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               38581790                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               50990710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30823288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               44355273                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles              191079831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               38034716                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               50492836                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9076                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53331                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3341                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6263                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107757                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53323                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3547                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107742                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6241                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53347                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53381                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107319                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6252                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3127                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              107888                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6243                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53422                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3337                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6247                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                140                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                115                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                853                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                137                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                962                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                787                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               930                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               925                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               981                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               125                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               159                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               957                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               862                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses               154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               923                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               929                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses               157                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               882                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               119                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               828                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1130                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4020                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4022                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4024                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               304                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                76                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               79                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               72                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               74                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               77                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               72                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 751789                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8715009                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1189664                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8948519                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 696081                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8693012                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1133148                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9060510                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 684548                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8671543                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1169481                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8852478                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                696875                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8592957                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1227228                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8952508                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                673913                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8522126                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1183545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8776853                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                691270                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8549935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1128534                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8774524                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                672121                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9026473                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1170554                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9331142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                737918                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8865459                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1239774                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9095456                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                716012                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                622442                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8631000                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1132495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8861541                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                670912                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8610444                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1080742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8974862                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                661849                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8587330                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1112056                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8765576                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               671963                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8510254                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1168300                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8866353                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               650420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8438052                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1126082                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8690018                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               666771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8467294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1077897                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8688984                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               649203                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              8939269                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1111898                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9241023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               708509                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8779942                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1178269                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              9006899                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               689227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268610                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             571131                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             466782                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             577360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              90210                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             571996                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             409147                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577063                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              94496                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            574402                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            457118                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            578755                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             95768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            572116                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            455687                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577683                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             93767                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571332                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            473641                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            578146                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             95087                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            570392                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            423459                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            576946                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             96890                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            572983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            472735                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577008                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles            104247                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            572685                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            506961                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            579436                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles            101873                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               920022                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               112792                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               115863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121200                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101990                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               104766                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109439                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113719                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              116160                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120059                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              108230                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108864                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              112428                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120487                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102315                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104878                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              109706                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              135388                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141826                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              144577                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124448                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128479                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              132519                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           622442                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8631000                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1132495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8861541                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           670912                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8610444                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1080742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8974862                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           661849                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8587330                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1112056                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8765576                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          671963                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8510254                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1168300                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8866353                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          650420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8438052                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1126082                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8690018                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          666771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8467294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1077897                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8688984                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          649203                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         8939269                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1111898                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9241023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          708509                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8779942                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1178269                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         9006899                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          689227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263026                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        571131                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        466312                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        577360                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         90060                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        571996                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        408480                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577063                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         93946                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       574402                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       455543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       578755                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        94795                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       572116                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       454585                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577683                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        92700                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571332                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       469601                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       578146                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        93948                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       570392                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       419375                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       576946                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        95610                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       572983                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       470918                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time       100636                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       572685                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       504929                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       579436                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        98302                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          605270                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          112792                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          115863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          119881                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101990                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          104766                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108398                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         116160                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119167                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         108230                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108059                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         112428                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102315                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104878                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         108904                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         135388                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141826                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         143506                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124448                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128479                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         131535                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             751532                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8645265                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1132495                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8876702                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             685968                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8623268                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1080742                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8988688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             675490                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8601799                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1112056                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8780656                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            686918                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8523213                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1168300                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8880691                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            664164                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8452382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1126082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8705026                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            681588                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8480191                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1077897                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8702712                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            662932                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           8956729                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1111898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9259330                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            726704                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8795715                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1178269                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9023639                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            705844                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1428                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1048                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1264                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               673                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1417                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1147                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1767                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles             1007                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2055                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1224                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             2005                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles             1086                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1741                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1363                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1616                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1496                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98697237                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103133954                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         103992058                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108651262                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98697233                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103133950                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         103992054                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108651258                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98697239                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103133956                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        103992060                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108651264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98697235                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103133952                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        103992056                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108651260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98697244                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103133961                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        103992065                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108651269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98697240                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103133957                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        103992061                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108651265                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98697256                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103133973                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        103992077                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108651281                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98697252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103133969                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        103992073                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108651277                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11058951                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15114829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11257791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14889321                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10742281                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15090899                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11261552                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14882162                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10735492                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15070978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11252449                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14845447                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10743019                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15047017                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11261078                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14845839                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10732189                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15026537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11258799                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14802895                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10741718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15023813                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11250738                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14799139                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10730337                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15315996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11267022                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15089276                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10760709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15213513                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11264641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14997242                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10752058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               780                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              908                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              176                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              824                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              138                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              878                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0              133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              729                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0              136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              770                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0              132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              8912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4019                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4022                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1149                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             4024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47618                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39116                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48806                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47482                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38749                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39205                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2609                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45199                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2543                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219252     25.25%     25.25% |      216421     24.92%     50.18% |      216430     24.93%     75.10% |      216199     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868302                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219279     25.25%     25.25% |      216421     24.92%     50.18% |      216430     24.92%     75.10% |      216198     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154336     25.03%     25.03% |      154120     25.00%     50.03% |      154114     25.00%     75.03% |      153938     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616508                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219252     25.25%     25.25% |      216421     24.92%     50.18% |      216430     24.93%     75.10% |      216199     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868302                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154336     25.03%     25.03% |      154120     25.00%     50.03% |      154114     25.00%     75.03% |      153938     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616508                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219252     25.25%     25.25% |      216421     24.92%     50.18% |      216430     24.93%     75.10% |      216198     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4759966     77.41%     77.41% |          76      0.00%     77.41% |      181859      2.96%     80.37% |      172515      2.81%     83.17% |      172259      2.80%     85.97% |      172731      2.81%     88.78% |      172771      2.81%     91.59% |      172131      2.80%     94.39% |      172427      2.80%     97.20% |      172387      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6149122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4864921    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4864921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9774363     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        8001      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        7489      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9843429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15711     73.18%     73.18% |          71      0.33%     73.51% |        2318     10.80%     84.30% |         480      2.24%     86.54% |         484      2.25%     88.79% |         479      2.23%     91.02% |         496      2.31%     93.33% |         496      2.31%     95.65% |         445      2.07%     97.72% |         490      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561701     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       79874      6.56%     60.62% |       79858      6.56%     67.18% |       80100      6.58%     73.76% |       79866      6.56%     80.33% |       79856      6.56%     86.89% |       79703      6.55%     93.44% |       79879      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         136     13.84%     14.55% |         134     13.63%     28.18% |         134     13.63%     41.81% |         135     13.73%     55.54% |         137     13.94%     69.48% |         165     16.79%     86.27% |         135     13.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          78      2.65%      3.23% |         406     13.79%     17.02% |         407     13.82%     30.84% |         403     13.69%     44.53% |         423     14.37%     58.90% |         425     14.44%     73.34% |         371     12.60%     85.94% |         414     14.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     88.89%     88.89% |           3      4.17%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           2      2.78%     95.83% |           2      2.78%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154456     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85681     10.73%     30.09% |       79726      9.99%     40.08% |       79719      9.99%     50.06% |       79923     10.01%     60.08% |       79725      9.99%     70.06% |       79725      9.99%     80.05% |       79535      9.96%     90.01% |       79726      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2271     77.14%     77.62% |         102      3.46%     81.08% |          96      3.26%     84.34% |          93      3.16%     87.50% |          88      2.99%     90.49% |          98      3.33%     93.82% |          91      3.09%     96.91% |          91      3.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411007     97.00%     97.00% |           0      0.00%     97.00% |        8686      2.05%     99.05% |         565      0.13%     99.18% |         564      0.13%     99.31% |         605      0.14%     99.46% |         574      0.14%     99.59% |         552      0.13%     99.72% |         596      0.14%     99.86% |         585      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     36.84%     36.84% |          17      8.95%     45.79% |          20     10.53%     56.32% |          16      8.42%     64.74% |          17      8.95%     73.68% |          18      9.47%     83.16% |          18      9.47%     92.63% |          14      7.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          20      8.73%     52.84% |          20      8.73%     61.57% |          16      6.99%     68.56% |          17      7.42%     75.98% |          20      8.73%     84.72% |          20      8.73%     93.45% |          15      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438216     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       78997      7.28%     56.31% |       78993      7.28%     63.59% |       79239      7.30%     70.89% |       78986      7.28%     78.17% |       78976      7.28%     85.45% |       78805      7.26%     92.72% |       79008      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153611     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80084      9.98%     40.12% |       80068      9.98%     50.10% |       80268     10.00%     60.10% |       80069      9.98%     70.08% |       80066      9.98%     80.06% |       79919      9.96%     90.02% |       80070      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122935    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.41%     96.41% |           0      0.00%     96.41% |        8488      2.86%     99.27% |         302      0.10%     99.37% |         302      0.10%     99.47% |         344      0.12%     99.59% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         302      0.10%     99.79% |         296      0.10%     99.89% |         321      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11275     67.34%     67.34% |           0      0.00%     67.34% |        2295     13.71%     81.04% |         454      2.71%     83.76% |         458      2.74%     86.49% |         452      2.70%     89.19% |         466      2.78%     91.97% |         467      2.79%     94.76% |         417      2.49%     97.25% |         460      2.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1442     92.91%     92.91% |          38      2.45%     95.36% |           9      0.58%     95.94% |           9      0.58%     96.52% |           9      0.58%     97.10% |           9      0.58%     97.68% |           9      0.58%     98.26% |           9      0.58%     98.84% |           9      0.58%     99.42% |           9      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1357    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          60     93.75%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      1.56%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           3      4.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         817     42.57%     42.57% |           0      0.00%     42.57% |          18      0.94%     43.51% |         149      7.76%     51.28% |         148      7.71%     58.99% |         149      7.76%     66.75% |         153      7.97%     74.73% |         154      8.03%     82.75% |         181      9.43%     92.18% |         150      7.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87783     12.35%     14.07% |       87416     12.29%     26.36% |       86836     12.21%     38.58% |       87472     12.30%     50.88% |       87726     12.34%     63.22% |       87041     12.24%     75.46% |       87542     12.31%     87.77% |       86964     12.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4740565    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4740565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.38%     13.38% |           0      0.00%     13.38% |          16     10.19%     23.57% |          17     10.83%     34.39% |          20     12.74%     47.13% |          16     10.19%     57.32% |          17     10.83%     68.15% |          18     11.46%     79.62% |          18     11.46%     91.08% |          14      8.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2214     90.48%     90.48% |          14      0.57%     91.05% |          23      0.94%     91.99% |          26      1.06%     93.05% |          26      1.06%     94.12% |          27      1.10%     95.22% |          30      1.23%     96.44% |          29      1.19%     97.63% |          28      1.14%     98.77% |          30      1.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122551     94.15%     94.15% |           0      0.00%     94.15% |        2570      1.97%     96.12% |         728      0.56%     96.68% |         717      0.55%     97.23% |         712      0.55%     97.78% |         727      0.56%     98.34% |         726      0.56%     98.90% |         717      0.55%     99.45% |         721      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1605817     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |        5637      0.34%     97.93% |        4781      0.29%     98.22% |        5121      0.31%     98.53% |        4757      0.29%     98.82% |        4744      0.29%     99.11% |        4790      0.29%     99.40% |        4732      0.29%     99.69% |        5119      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25200     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3074      6.19%     56.92% |        3065      6.17%     63.10% |        3062      6.16%     69.26% |        3058      6.16%     75.42% |        3058      6.16%     81.57% |        3064      6.17%     87.74% |        3040      6.12%     93.86% |        3048      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1922     97.12%     97.12% |          57      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127215     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82417     11.08%     28.18% |       76333     10.26%     38.44% |       76330     10.26%     48.70% |       76542     10.29%     58.99% |       76332     10.26%     69.25% |       76320     10.26%     79.51% |       76077     10.23%     89.74% |       76345     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         127     13.88%     13.88% |         126     13.77%     27.65% |         126     13.77%     41.42% |         126     13.77%     55.19% |         126     13.77%     68.96% |         158     17.27%     86.23% |         126     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          64     10.46%     11.11% |          75     12.25%     23.37% |          75     12.25%     35.62% |          71     11.60%     47.22% |          83     13.56%     60.78% |          89     14.54%     75.33% |          70     11.44%     86.76% |          81     13.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2985903     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         225      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         223      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2987701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9461530     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4583      0.05%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4105      0.04%     99.92% |        3623      0.04%     99.96% |        4103      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9495323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311001     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2664      0.78%     95.29% |        2663      0.78%     96.07% |        2697      0.79%     96.86% |        2654      0.78%     97.64% |        2656      0.78%     98.42% |        2728      0.80%     99.22% |        2663      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.29%     10.29% |           9     13.24%     23.53% |           8     11.76%     35.29% |           8     11.76%     47.06% |           9     13.24%     60.29% |          11     16.18%     76.47% |           7     10.29%     86.76% |           9     13.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.19%     15.35% |         332     14.24%     29.59% |         332     14.24%     43.83% |         340     14.58%     58.40% |         336     14.41%     72.81% |         301     12.91%     85.72% |         333     14.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154456     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85681     10.73%     30.09% |       79726      9.99%     40.08% |       79719      9.99%     50.06% |       79923     10.01%     60.08% |       79725      9.99%     70.06% |       79725      9.99%     80.05% |       79535      9.96%     90.01% |       79726      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2271     77.14%     77.62% |         102      3.46%     81.08% |          96      3.26%     84.34% |          93      3.16%     87.50% |          88      2.99%     90.49% |          98      3.33%     93.82% |          91      3.09%     96.91% |          91      3.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124885     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |         262      0.21%     98.53% |         265      0.21%     98.74% |         262      0.21%     98.94% |         261      0.21%     99.15% |         265      0.21%     99.36% |         252      0.20%     99.56% |         302      0.24%     99.79% |         262      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     88.89%     88.89% |           3      4.17%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           2      2.78%     95.83% |           2      2.78%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286122     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8424      2.84%     99.27% |         300      0.10%     99.37% |         302      0.10%     99.47% |         344      0.12%     99.59% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         300      0.10%     99.79% |         294      0.10%     99.89% |         323      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          70     36.84%     36.84% |          17      8.95%     45.79% |          20     10.53%     56.32% |          16      8.42%     64.74% |          17      8.95%     73.68% |          18      9.47%     83.16% |          18      9.47%     92.63% |          14      7.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.17%      9.17% |           0      0.00%      9.17% |          80     34.93%     44.10% |          20      8.73%     52.84% |          20      8.73%     61.57% |          16      6.99%     68.56% |          17      7.42%     75.98% |          20      8.73%     84.72% |          20      8.73%     93.45% |          15      6.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438216     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93593      8.63%     49.02% |       78997      7.28%     56.31% |       78993      7.28%     63.59% |       79239      7.30%     70.89% |       78986      7.28%     78.17% |       78976      7.28%     85.45% |       78805      7.26%     92.72% |       79008      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3975      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3270      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3912      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.04% |        3903      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4172      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3267      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3726      3.00%     66.90% |        3545      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4745      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5245      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4464      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64988      8.08%      8.08% |       24831      3.09%     11.17% |       23704      2.95%     14.12% |       24441      3.04%     17.16% |       23816      2.96%     20.12% |       23530      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23136      2.88%     28.80% |       24585      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25086      3.12%     37.92% |       24510      3.05%     40.97% |       23550      2.93%     43.90% |       23280      2.90%     46.79% |       22841      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25147      3.13%     55.64% |       23719      2.95%     58.59% |       23913      2.97%     61.57% |       23900      2.97%     64.54% |       23671      2.94%     67.48% |       23621      2.94%     70.42% |       23529      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24409      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22898      2.85%     87.97% |       23519      2.93%     90.89% |       23067      2.87%     93.76% |       23844      2.97%     96.73% |       26299      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804002                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14714      4.96%      4.96% |        8837      2.98%      7.93% |        9239      3.11%     11.05% |        8681      2.92%     13.97% |        9391      3.16%     17.14% |        8836      2.98%     20.11% |        8952      3.02%     23.13% |        8611      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         138     87.90%     87.90% |           0      0.00%     87.90% |           1      0.64%     88.54% |           1      0.64%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           2      1.27%     90.45% |           1      0.64%     91.08% |           0      0.00%     91.08% |           0      0.00%     91.08% |           7      4.46%     95.54% |           1      0.64%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           1      0.64%     96.82% |           0      0.00%     96.82% |           2      1.27%     98.09% |           1      0.64%     98.73% |           1      0.64%     99.36% |           1      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76714      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.11% |       32556      3.00%     16.11% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.87% |       33639      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35243      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9271      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217992                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19496      3.16%      3.16% |       19290      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19295      3.13%     15.68% |       19256      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19249      3.12%     25.04% |       19262      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19322      3.13%     34.43% |       19256      3.12%     37.55% |       19303      3.13%     40.68% |       19283      3.13%     43.81% |       19270      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19266      3.12%     53.17% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19248      3.12%     59.42% |       19215      3.12%     62.54% |       19239      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19231      3.12%     71.90% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19226      3.12%     87.51% |       19247      3.12%     90.63% |       19251      3.12%     93.75% |       19244      3.12%     96.87% |       19285      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29883      3.44%      3.44% |       27067      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27056      3.12%     15.92% |       27029      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27022      3.11%     25.25% |       27052      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27116      3.12%     34.61% |       27048      3.12%     37.72% |       27078      3.12%     40.84% |       27062      3.12%     43.96% |       27045      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27066      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27040      3.11%     59.53% |       26995      3.11%     62.64% |       27017      3.11%     65.76% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27015      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.33% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       26999      3.11%     87.55% |       27028      3.11%     90.66% |       27017      3.11%     93.77% |       27009      3.11%     96.88% |       27049      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868301                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28859      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26032      3.12%     15.93% |       26005      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26092      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26054      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26021      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26042      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25971      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26004      3.11%     90.66% |       25993      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         241      9.16%      9.16% |          78      2.96%     12.12% |          84      3.19%     15.31% |          84      3.19%     18.50% |          95      3.61%     22.11% |          92      3.50%     25.61% |          72      2.74%     28.34% |          76      2.89%     31.23% |          80      3.04%     34.27% |          74      2.81%     37.08% |          78      2.96%     40.05% |          73      2.77%     42.82% |          78      2.96%     45.78% |          70      2.66%     48.44% |          72      2.74%     51.18% |          70      2.66%     53.84% |          71      2.70%     56.53% |          75      2.85%     59.38% |          77      2.93%     62.31% |          74      2.81%     65.12% |          71      2.70%     67.82% |          77      2.93%     70.74% |          74      2.81%     73.56% |          73      2.77%     76.33% |          74      2.81%     79.14% |          78      2.96%     82.10% |          78      2.96%     85.07% |          79      3.00%     88.07% |          80      3.04%     91.11% |          78      2.96%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2632                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         592     96.73%     96.73% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         505     18.13%     18.13% |          94      3.38%     21.51% |          90      3.23%     24.74% |          90      3.23%     27.97% |          69      2.48%     30.45% |          69      2.48%     32.93% |          69      2.48%     35.40% |          69      2.48%     37.88% |          69      2.48%     40.36% |          69      2.48%     42.84% |          69      2.48%     45.31% |          69      2.48%     47.79% |          72      2.59%     50.38% |          69      2.48%     52.85% |          70      2.51%     55.37% |          69      2.48%     57.85% |          69      2.48%     60.32% |          90      3.23%     63.55% |          91      3.27%     66.82% |          91      3.27%     70.09% |          69      2.48%     72.57% |          69      2.48%     75.04% |          71      2.55%     77.59% |          69      2.48%     80.07% |          69      2.48%     82.55% |          70      2.51%     85.06% |          69      2.48%     87.54% |          69      2.48%     90.02% |          71      2.55%     92.57% |          69      2.48%     95.04% |          69      2.48%     97.52% |          69      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1059      5.84%      5.84% |         529      2.92%      8.76% |         544      3.00%     11.76% |         528      2.91%     14.68% |         541      2.99%     17.66% |         536      2.96%     20.62% |         523      2.89%     23.51% |         539      2.97%     26.48% |         548      3.02%     29.50% |         539      2.97%     32.48% |         580      3.20%     35.68% |         559      3.08%     38.76% |         585      3.23%     41.99% |         579      3.19%     45.19% |         561      3.10%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         575      3.17%     54.55% |         582      3.21%     57.77% |         545      3.01%     60.77% |         524      2.89%     63.66% |         535      2.95%     66.62% |         544      3.00%     69.62% |         531      2.93%     72.55% |         537      2.96%     75.51% |         566      3.12%     78.63% |         564      3.11%     81.75% |         557      3.07%     84.82% |         542      2.99%     87.81% |         535      2.95%     90.76% |         552      3.05%     93.81% |         543      3.00%     96.81% |         579      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         772     26.22%     26.22% |          75      2.55%     28.77% |          72      2.45%     31.22% |          72      2.45%     33.66% |          69      2.34%     36.01% |          69      2.34%     38.35% |          69      2.34%     40.69% |          69      2.34%     43.04% |          69      2.34%     45.38% |          69      2.34%     47.72% |          69      2.34%     50.07% |          69      2.34%     52.41% |          73      2.48%     54.89% |          69      2.34%     57.24% |          70      2.38%     59.61% |          69      2.34%     61.96% |          70      2.38%     64.33% |          72      2.45%     66.78% |          73      2.48%     69.26% |          72      2.45%     71.71% |          69      2.34%     74.05% |          69      2.34%     76.39% |          71      2.41%     78.80% |          69      2.34%     81.15% |          69      2.34%     83.49% |          70      2.38%     85.87% |          69      2.34%     88.21% |          69      2.34%     90.56% |          71      2.41%     92.97% |          69      2.34%     95.31% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2944                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77860      7.11%      7.11% |       33393      3.05%     10.16% |       32687      2.98%     13.14% |       32859      3.00%     16.14% |       33105      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31957      2.92%     25.01% |       31673      2.89%     27.90% |       33957      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33124      3.02%     40.11% |       32698      2.99%     43.10% |       31744      2.90%     46.00% |       31779      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34275      3.13%     54.92% |       32114      2.93%     57.85% |       32975      3.01%     60.86% |       32543      2.97%     63.83% |       33033      3.02%     66.85% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33014      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31818      2.91%     87.68% |       33169      3.03%     90.71% |       31905      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35577      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.08% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         398      2.94%     18.13% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         418      3.09%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         431      3.18%     33.42% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         460      3.40%     39.98% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         430      3.18%     46.47% |         439      3.24%     49.71% |         445      3.29%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.32% |         421      3.11%     59.43% |         396      2.92%     62.36% |         404      2.98%     65.34% |         426      3.15%     68.49% |         407      3.01%     71.49% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         441      3.26%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         423      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23440      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20686      3.11%     16.00% |       20685      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20677      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20683      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20676      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20634      3.10%     87.57% |       20672      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1206     44.42%     44.42% |         198      7.29%     51.71% |         177      6.52%     58.23% |         184      6.78%     65.01% |          14      0.52%     65.52% |         248      9.13%     74.66% |          14      0.52%     75.17% |           5      0.18%     75.36% |           3      0.11%     75.47% |           1      0.04%     75.51% |          16      0.59%     76.10% |           4      0.15%     76.24% |           1      0.04%     76.28% |           1      0.04%     76.32% |          39      1.44%     77.75% |          16      0.59%     78.34% |           9      0.33%     78.67% |         154      5.67%     84.35% |         207      7.62%     91.97% |         158      5.82%     97.79% |           1      0.04%     97.83% |          15      0.55%     98.38% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.82% |           5      0.18%     99.01% |           1      0.04%     99.04% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.59% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          75     71.43%     71.43% |           6      5.71%     77.14% |           2      1.90%     79.05% |           5      4.76%     83.81% |           0      0.00%     83.81% |           1      0.95%     84.76% |           1      0.95%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      0.95%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           5      4.76%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           3      2.86%     94.29% |           1      0.95%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      0.95%     96.19% |           0      0.00%     96.19% |           1      0.95%     97.14% |           1      0.95%     98.10% |           2      1.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         138     87.90%     87.90% |           0      0.00%     87.90% |           1      0.64%     88.54% |           1      0.64%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           0      0.00%     89.17% |           2      1.27%     90.45% |           1      0.64%     91.08% |           0      0.00%     91.08% |           0      0.00%     91.08% |           7      4.46%     95.54% |           1      0.64%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           1      0.64%     96.82% |           0      0.00%     96.82% |           2      1.27%     98.09% |           1      0.64%     98.73% |           1      0.64%     99.36% |           1      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         887      6.37%      6.37% |         387      2.78%      9.15% |         411      2.95%     12.10% |         402      2.89%     14.99% |         421      3.02%     18.01% |         400      2.87%     20.88% |         401      2.88%     23.76% |         416      2.99%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.58% |         431      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.27%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         427      3.07%     48.29% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         443      3.18%     54.59% |         448      3.22%     57.81% |         422      3.03%     60.84% |         397      2.85%     63.69% |         403      2.89%     66.58% |         422      3.03%     69.61% |         402      2.89%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         438      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         421      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39568     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3816      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.75% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5519      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8546      8.10%      8.10% |        2869      2.72%     10.82% |        3267      3.10%     13.92% |        2697      2.56%     16.47% |        3399      3.22%     19.69% |        2857      2.71%     22.40% |        2982      2.83%     25.23% |        2655      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.14% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.36% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9225      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6637      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18478      3.08%      3.08% |       18832      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18761      3.12%     53.13% |       18776      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18783      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         772     26.22%     26.22% |          75      2.55%     28.77% |          72      2.45%     31.22% |          72      2.45%     33.66% |          69      2.34%     36.01% |          69      2.34%     38.35% |          69      2.34%     40.69% |          69      2.34%     43.04% |          69      2.34%     45.38% |          69      2.34%     47.72% |          69      2.34%     50.07% |          69      2.34%     52.41% |          73      2.48%     54.89% |          69      2.34%     57.24% |          70      2.38%     59.61% |          69      2.34%     61.96% |          70      2.38%     64.33% |          72      2.45%     66.78% |          73      2.48%     69.26% |          72      2.45%     71.71% |          69      2.34%     74.05% |          69      2.34%     76.39% |          71      2.41%     78.80% |          69      2.34%     81.15% |          69      2.34%     83.49% |          70      2.38%     85.87% |          69      2.34%     88.21% |          69      2.34%     90.56% |          71      2.41%     92.97% |          69      2.34%     95.31% |          69      2.34%     97.66% |          69      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2944                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          84      8.55%      8.55% |          29      2.95%     11.50% |          29      2.95%     14.45% |          29      2.95%     17.40% |          29      2.95%     20.35% |          29      2.95%     23.30% |          29      2.95%     26.25% |          29      2.95%     29.20% |          29      2.95%     32.15% |          29      2.95%     35.10% |          29      2.95%     38.05% |          29      2.95%     41.00% |          29      2.95%     43.95% |          29      2.95%     46.90% |          29      2.95%     49.85% |          29      2.95%     52.80% |          29      2.95%     55.75% |          29      2.95%     58.70% |          29      2.95%     61.65% |          29      2.95%     64.60% |          29      2.95%     67.55% |          29      2.95%     70.50% |          29      2.95%     73.45% |          29      2.95%     76.40% |          29      2.95%     79.35% |          29      2.95%     82.30% |          29      2.95%     85.25% |          29      2.95%     88.20% |          29      2.95%     91.15% |          29      2.95%     94.10% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76714      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.11% |       32556      3.00%     16.11% |       32798      3.02%     19.13% |       31713      2.92%     22.05% |       31671      2.92%     24.97% |       31378      2.89%     27.87% |       33639      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33355      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35243      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.38%      2.38% |           5      3.97%      6.35% |           5      3.97%     10.32% |           3      2.38%     12.70% |           3      2.38%     15.08% |           5      3.97%     19.05% |           5      3.97%     23.02% |           3      2.38%     25.40% |           4      3.17%     28.57% |           1      0.79%     29.37% |           3      2.38%     31.75% |           2      1.59%     33.33% |           2      1.59%     34.92% |           2      1.59%     36.51% |           4      3.17%     39.68% |           5      3.97%     43.65% |           3      2.38%     46.03% |           2      1.59%     47.62% |           2      1.59%     49.21% |           3      2.38%     51.59% |           3      2.38%     53.97% |           4      3.17%     57.14% |           4      3.17%     60.32% |           7      5.56%     65.87% |           5      3.97%     69.84% |           3      2.38%     72.22% |           4      3.17%     75.40% |           4      3.17%     78.57% |           6      4.76%     83.33% |           5      3.97%     87.30% |           7      5.56%     92.86% |           9      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         131      6.25%      6.25% |          71      3.39%      9.63% |          73      3.48%     13.11% |          67      3.20%     16.31% |          74      3.53%     19.84% |          82      3.91%     23.75% |          51      2.43%     26.18% |          58      2.77%     28.95% |          83      3.96%     32.90% |          63      3.00%     35.91% |          86      4.10%     40.01% |          63      3.00%     43.01% |          59      2.81%     45.83% |          63      3.00%     48.83% |          62      2.96%     51.79% |          54      2.58%     54.36% |          62      2.96%     57.32% |          68      3.24%     60.56% |          57      2.72%     63.28% |          57      2.72%     66.00% |          62      2.96%     68.96% |          56      2.67%     71.63% |          57      2.72%     74.34% |          57      2.72%     77.06% |          58      2.77%     79.83% |          60      2.86%     82.69% |          52      2.48%     85.17% |          57      2.72%     87.89% |          53      2.53%     90.41% |          53      2.53%     92.94% |          59      2.81%     95.76% |          89      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2097                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           8     26.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |          12     40.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           2     12.50%     18.75% |           9     56.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28859      3.45%      3.45% |       26043      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26032      3.12%     15.93% |       26005      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26092      3.12%     34.62% |       26024      3.11%     37.73% |       26054      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26021      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26042      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26016      3.11%     59.54% |       25971      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25991      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25975      3.11%     87.55% |       26004      3.11%     90.66% |       25993      3.11%     93.78% |       25985      3.11%     96.89% |       26025      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.41%      3.41% |           3      3.41%      6.82% |           2      2.27%      9.09% |           2      2.27%     11.36% |           2      2.27%     13.64% |           4      4.55%     18.18% |           3      3.41%     21.59% |           3      3.41%     25.00% |           3      3.41%     28.41% |           1      1.14%     29.55% |           2      2.27%     31.82% |           1      1.14%     32.95% |           1      1.14%     34.09% |           2      2.27%     36.36% |           3      3.41%     39.77% |           5      5.68%     45.45% |           3      3.41%     48.86% |           2      2.27%     51.14% |           1      1.14%     52.27% |           3      3.41%     55.68% |           3      3.41%     59.09% |           2      2.27%     61.36% |           3      3.41%     64.77% |           5      5.68%     70.45% |           4      4.55%     75.00% |           2      2.27%     77.27% |           2      2.27%     79.55% |           2      2.27%     81.82% |           3      3.41%     85.23% |           2      2.27%     87.50% |           2      2.27%     89.77% |           9     10.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           88                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.43%      2.43% |           5      2.43%      4.85% |          12      5.83%     10.68% |          14      6.80%     17.48% |          25     12.14%     29.61% |          22     10.68%     40.29% |           1      0.49%     40.78% |           7      3.40%     44.17% |          10      4.85%     49.03% |           5      2.43%     51.46% |           8      3.88%     55.34% |           3      1.46%     56.80% |           4      1.94%     58.74% |           1      0.49%     59.22% |           2      0.97%     60.19% |           1      0.49%     60.68% |           2      0.97%     61.65% |           6      2.91%     64.56% |           6      2.91%     67.48% |           4      1.94%     69.42% |           2      0.97%     70.39% |           6      2.91%     73.30% |           2      0.97%     74.27% |           2      0.97%     75.24% |           4      1.94%     77.18% |           7      3.40%     80.58% |           7      3.40%     83.98% |           8      3.88%     87.86% |           6      2.91%     90.78% |           6      2.91%     93.69% |          11      5.34%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         126      6.66%      6.66% |          66      3.49%     10.15% |          61      3.23%     13.38% |          53      2.80%     16.18% |          49      2.59%     18.77% |          60      3.17%     21.95% |          50      2.64%     24.59% |          51      2.70%     27.29% |          73      3.86%     31.15% |          58      3.07%     34.21% |          78      4.12%     38.34% |          60      3.17%     41.51% |          55      2.91%     44.42% |          62      3.28%     47.70% |          60      3.17%     50.87% |          53      2.80%     53.68% |          60      3.17%     56.85% |          62      3.28%     60.13% |          51      2.70%     62.82% |          53      2.80%     65.63% |          60      3.17%     68.80% |          50      2.64%     71.44% |          55      2.91%     74.35% |          55      2.91%     77.26% |          54      2.86%     80.12% |          53      2.80%     82.92% |          45      2.38%     85.30% |          49      2.59%     87.89% |          47      2.49%     90.38% |          47      2.49%     92.86% |          48      2.54%     95.40% |          87      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1891                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         456     80.99%     80.99% |          23      4.09%     85.08% |          21      3.73%     88.81% |          21      3.73%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |           0      0.00%     92.54% |          14      2.49%     95.03% |          14      2.49%     97.51% |          14      2.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         887      6.37%      6.37% |         387      2.78%      9.15% |         411      2.95%     12.10% |         402      2.89%     14.99% |         421      3.02%     18.01% |         400      2.87%     20.88% |         401      2.88%     23.76% |         416      2.99%     26.75% |         403      2.89%     29.64% |         410      2.94%     32.58% |         431      3.09%     35.68% |         429      3.08%     38.76% |         455      3.27%     42.03% |         446      3.20%     45.23% |         427      3.07%     48.29% |         434      3.12%     51.41% |         443      3.18%     54.59% |         448      3.22%     57.81% |         422      3.03%     60.84% |         397      2.85%     63.69% |         403      2.89%     66.58% |         422      3.03%     69.61% |         402      2.89%     72.50% |         408      2.93%     75.43% |         438      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.73% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         421      3.02%     87.92% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.99% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         413      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13927                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23440      3.53%      3.53% |       20748      3.12%      6.65% |       20781      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20686      3.11%     16.00% |       20685      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20677      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20671      3.11%     37.81% |       20679      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20683      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20675      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20662      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20676      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20634      3.10%     87.57% |       20672      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20703      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664557                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         413      3.05%      9.11% |         404      2.98%     12.09% |         422      3.12%     15.21% |         398      2.94%     18.14% |         400      2.95%     21.10% |         418      3.09%     24.19% |         407      3.01%     27.19% |         414      3.06%     30.25% |         431      3.18%     33.43% |         428      3.16%     36.59% |         460      3.40%     39.99% |         449      3.32%     43.31% |         430      3.18%     46.48% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         445      3.29%     53.01% |         450      3.32%     56.33% |         421      3.11%     59.44% |         396      2.92%     62.37% |         404      2.98%     65.35% |         426      3.15%     68.50% |         407      3.01%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.55% |         441      3.26%     77.81% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.37% |         422      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.77% |         429      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13541                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5948      3.13%     15.66% |        5946      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         213     81.30%     81.30% |           6      2.29%     83.59% |           3      1.15%     84.73% |           6      2.29%     87.02% |           0      0.00%     87.02% |           1      0.38%     87.40% |           1      0.38%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           0      0.00%     87.79% |           1      0.38%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           0      0.00%     88.17% |           5      1.91%     90.08% |           0      0.00%     90.08% |           2      0.76%     90.84% |           1      0.38%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |           0      0.00%     91.22% |          10      3.82%     95.04% |           2      0.76%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           0      0.00%     95.80% |           1      0.38%     96.18% |           0      0.00%     96.18% |           2      0.76%     96.95% |           1      0.38%     97.33% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.24% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           5     45.45%     54.55% |           5     45.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77647      7.09%      7.09% |       33387      3.05%     10.14% |       32684      2.98%     13.13% |       32853      3.00%     16.13% |       33105      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31956      2.92%     24.99% |       31673      2.89%     27.89% |       33957      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33124      3.03%     40.10% |       32693      2.99%     43.09% |       31744      2.90%     45.98% |       31777      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34275      3.13%     54.91% |       32114      2.93%     57.84% |       32965      3.01%     60.85% |       32541      2.97%     63.82% |       33033      3.02%     66.84% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33014      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33647      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31817      2.91%     87.68% |       33165      3.03%     90.71% |       31904      2.91%     93.62% |       34282      3.13%     96.75% |       35576      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           1      5.88%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           5     29.41%     47.06% |           4     23.53%     70.59% |           5     29.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         180      7.77%      7.77% |          71      3.06%     10.83% |          69      2.98%     13.81% |          63      2.72%     16.52% |          69      2.98%     19.50% |          69      2.98%     22.48% |          69      2.98%     25.45% |          69      2.98%     28.43% |          69      2.98%     31.41% |          69      2.98%     34.38% |          67      2.89%     37.27% |          68      2.93%     40.21% |          73      3.15%     43.36% |          69      2.98%     46.33% |          69      2.98%     49.31% |          69      2.98%     52.29% |          69      2.98%     55.26% |          69      2.98%     58.24% |          70      3.02%     61.26% |          69      2.98%     64.24% |          69      2.98%     67.21% |          69      2.98%     70.19% |          71      3.06%     73.25% |          69      2.98%     76.23% |          69      2.98%     79.21% |          69      2.98%     82.18% |          69      2.98%     85.16% |          68      2.93%     88.09% |          69      2.98%     91.07% |          69      2.98%     94.05% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         592     96.73%     96.73% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         772     26.35%     26.35% |          75      2.56%     28.91% |          72      2.46%     31.37% |          66      2.25%     33.62% |          69      2.35%     35.97% |          69      2.35%     38.33% |          69      2.35%     40.68% |          69      2.35%     43.04% |          69      2.35%     45.39% |          69      2.35%     47.75% |          67      2.29%     50.03% |          68      2.32%     52.35% |          73      2.49%     54.85% |          69      2.35%     57.20% |          70      2.39%     59.59% |          69      2.35%     61.95% |          70      2.39%     64.33% |          72      2.46%     66.79% |          73      2.49%     69.28% |          71      2.42%     71.71% |          69      2.35%     74.06% |          69      2.35%     76.42% |          71      2.42%     78.84% |          69      2.35%     81.19% |          69      2.35%     83.55% |          69      2.35%     85.90% |          69      2.35%     88.26% |          68      2.32%     90.58% |          69      2.35%     92.94% |          69      2.35%     95.29% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2930                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       84570      4.66%      4.66% |      907441     50.00%     54.66% |      113834      6.27%     60.93% |      103049      5.68%     66.61% |      101740      5.61%     72.22% |      103944      5.73%     77.94% |      101323      5.58%     83.53% |      102874      5.67%     89.19% |       97320      5.36%     94.56% |       98787      5.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1814882                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       84570      4.66%      4.66% |      907441     50.00%     54.66% |      113834      6.27%     60.93% |      103049      5.68%     66.61% |      101740      5.61%     72.22% |      103944      5.73%     77.94% |      101323      5.58%     83.53% |      102874      5.67%     89.19% |       97320      5.36%     94.56% |       98787      5.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1814882                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       84570      4.66%      4.66% |      907441     50.00%     54.66% |      113834      6.27%     60.93% |      103049      5.68%     66.61% |      101740      5.61%     72.22% |      103944      5.73%     77.94% |      101323      5.58%     83.53% |      102874      5.67%     89.19% |       97320      5.36%     94.56% |       98787      5.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1814882                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       84570      4.66%      4.66% |      907441     50.00%     54.66% |      113834      6.27%     60.93% |      103049      5.68%     66.61% |      101740      5.61%     72.22% |      103944      5.73%     77.94% |      101323      5.58%     83.53% |      102874      5.67%     89.19% |       97320      5.36%     94.56% |       98787      5.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1814882                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
