
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057185                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57184810500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233352889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55964                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               77989576                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3558884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   733.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23213314                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      41034825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12624320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12624320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8055232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8055232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    220763519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            220763519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140863141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140863141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    361626660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           361626660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197255                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125863                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197255                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125863                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12622272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8055104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12624320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8055232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      472                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3236                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57184305500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197255                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125863                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  74065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   9278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   8494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   8496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   8629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  4894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  21660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  22522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  22629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  22487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        80261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.618719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   179.158582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.118031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24235     30.20%     30.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21079     26.26%     56.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20641     25.72%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4170      5.20%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2854      3.56%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1693      2.11%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1123      1.40%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          978      1.22%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3488      4.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        80261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.103484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.340666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        19511     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.447797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.028477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.850285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          15546     79.64%     79.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2355     12.06%     91.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          873      4.47%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          746      3.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13326873501                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            17024804751                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    67572.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               86322.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      220.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   220.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  87021                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               69.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    176976.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11628632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43644421750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              306316080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              300419280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              167136750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              163919250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             767176800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771061200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            408039120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407507760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22613169105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22095378540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14473374750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14927577000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42470077245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42400727670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.711356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.498579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12403712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12403712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7840064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7840064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    216905711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            216905711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137100463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137100463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    354006174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           354006174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122501                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12401728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7840064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12403840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7840064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      314                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     3167                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57184182000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122501                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  72929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   9093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   8955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   8948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   8673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   8457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  18371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  21000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  21735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  21991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  21945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   6056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        72958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   277.436553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   196.999795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.552703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17935     24.58%     24.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20028     27.45%     52.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20591     28.22%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4185      5.74%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2821      3.87%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1651      2.26%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1161      1.59%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          871      1.19%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3715      5.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        72958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.205130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.945941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18979     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.451496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.030514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.852848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          15054     79.28%     79.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2382     12.54%     91.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          814      4.29%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          738      3.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12785270899                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            16418589649                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 968885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    65979.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               84729.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   216.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  155015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  88297                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                80.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    180784.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11894185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43379082250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              279311760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              272220480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              152402250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              148533000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754439400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756919800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            397509120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396264960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22388846175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21836464875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14670165000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15154710000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42377538345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42299977755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.092707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.736338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    216914665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            216914665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137098225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137098225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    354012889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           354012889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193816                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122499                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122499                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12402496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7839936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12404224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7839936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      373                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     3082                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57184668500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122499                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  72875                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   8845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   8912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   8730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   8753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   8484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  2499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  18399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  20948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  21855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  21971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  21914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        72797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   278.059810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.766347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.070544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17773     24.41%     24.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19794     27.19%     51.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20826     28.61%     80.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4167      5.72%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2900      3.98%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1597      2.19%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1180      1.62%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          886      1.22%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3674      5.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        72797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.198832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.954089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18995     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        19001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.446976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.026788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.849329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          15061     79.26%     79.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2380     12.53%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          827      4.35%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          733      3.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        19001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12778837128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            16412380878                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 968945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    65942.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               84692.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      216.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   216.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154932                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  88552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               72.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    180783.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11877334750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43395742500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              277935840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              272371680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              151651500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              148615500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             754860600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756607800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            397366560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396362160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22139712855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21642734700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14888701500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15324647250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42345093495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42276203730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.525348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.320613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12383296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12383296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7838208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7838208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216548693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216548693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137068007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137068007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    353616700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           353616700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193489                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122472                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193489                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12381952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7838144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12383296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7838208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      406                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     3052                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57183757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193489                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  72578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   9039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   8815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   8613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   8776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   8779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  18385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  20999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  21723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  21956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  22025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        72273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   279.768544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   199.532034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.830777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17155     23.74%     23.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20241     28.01%     51.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20559     28.45%     80.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4146      5.74%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2846      3.94%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1536      2.13%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1218      1.69%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          827      1.14%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3745      5.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        72273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.199652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.686723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18958     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.456717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.033353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.856827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14988     79.02%     79.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2402     12.66%     91.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          879      4.63%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          699      3.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 12866908572                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            16494433572                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    66506.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               85256.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  154877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  88785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                80.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    180983.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11624819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1909440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43648578000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              275395680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              270957960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              150265500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              147844125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             752754600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756217800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            397185120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396394560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3734864640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22123796175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21407877315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14902649250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15530648250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42336910965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42244804650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.382561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.771817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7054794                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 66.657582                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.366114                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               143.899139                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6458105     91.54%     91.54% |      120940      1.71%     93.26% |      101470      1.44%     94.69% |       95182      1.35%     96.04% |      100107      1.42%     97.46% |      110567      1.57%     99.03% |       55595      0.79%     99.82% |       12437      0.18%     99.99% |         391      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7054794                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16156641                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.579942                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.680054                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.813070                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14720802     91.11%     91.11% |      908756      5.62%     96.74% |       16307      0.10%     96.84% |       15642      0.10%     96.94% |       25723      0.16%     97.09% |       46414      0.29%     97.38% |       75827      0.47%     97.85% |      144621      0.90%     98.75% |      202549      1.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16156641                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16156639                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.729363                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.112263                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            135.655326                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15840742     98.04%     98.04% |      240289      1.49%     99.53% |       65738      0.41%     99.94% |        8507      0.05%     99.99% |        1167      0.01%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16156639                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14979627                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000357                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000307                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019297                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14974371     99.96%     99.96% |        5186      0.03%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14979627                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177012                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        369.904770                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       227.288581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       357.483325                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      861115     73.16%     73.16% |      240289     20.42%     93.58% |       65738      5.59%     99.16% |        8507      0.72%     99.88% |        1167      0.10%     99.98% |         166      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177012                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         106421                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       106421                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11162896                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11672735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3812441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3936537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       311755                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22326                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       131016                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529008                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47680                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        35275                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        34479                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        34786                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1061                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       136831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        34736                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53465                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12233                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10418                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34632                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24247                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9750                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8764                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34942                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36650                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39193                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24187                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24200                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9706634                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9706634                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9927049                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9706634                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4213298                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4196406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9706634                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.084871                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4878230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4878230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5072781                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4878230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2414651                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2396026                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4878230                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.042653                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4410266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4410266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4727438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4410266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1846984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1828146                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4410266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.038562                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4021595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4021595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4327867                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1747268                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1729806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.035163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4491069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4491069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4851341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4491069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2151575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2115413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4491069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.039268                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4748581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4748581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5122683                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4748581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2274615                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2237317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4748581                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.041520                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4006832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4006832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4105558                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4006832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1412982                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1400360                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4006832                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.035034                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2743451                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2743451                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2829021                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2743451                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1018366                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1006403                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2743451                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.023988                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1687676                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1687676                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1703041                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1687676                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       726664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       726348                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1687676                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1996894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1996894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2013604                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1996894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       954984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       954510                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1996894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017460                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1563196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1563196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1581889                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1563196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       627888                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627600                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1563196                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.013668                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1800540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1800540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1815849                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1800540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       739420                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       739156                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1800540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015743                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2225770                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2225770                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2249026                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2225770                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1019116                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1018602                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2225770                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.019461                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1683269                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1683269                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1699487                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683269                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       657651                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657325                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1683269                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014718                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       922556                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       922556                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       936605                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       922556                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       365334                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       364972                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       922556                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008066                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1568515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1568515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1618501                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1568515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       618219                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       615295                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1568515                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013714                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2096783                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2096783                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2133822                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2096783                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       771893                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768923                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2096783                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018333                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1685046                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1685046                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1729776                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1685046                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       642701                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       639314                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1685046                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014733                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1696969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1696969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771104                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1696969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676533                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       670381                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1696969                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014838                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       959922                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374912                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374383                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946551                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       950208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       950208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       952404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       950208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       434540                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       434500                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       950208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008308                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1184568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1184568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1188604                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1184568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       570018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       569544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1184568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010357                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       958167                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       958167                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       962538                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       958167                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415563                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415563                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       958167                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008378                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       627106                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       627106                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       627106                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       627106                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258242                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258242                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       627106                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       896848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       896848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       898833                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       896848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       382765                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       382716                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       896848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007842                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1110663                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1110663                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1114701                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1110663                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       526804                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       526335                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1110663                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009711                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       945481                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       945481                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       945481                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       402838                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       402837                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       945481                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008267                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632558                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632558                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632558                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632558                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258910                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258910                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632558                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005531                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3859089                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3859089                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4082766                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3859089                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1582454                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1578089                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3859089                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033742                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4013607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4013607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4220209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4013607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1645530                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1640423                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4013606                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.035093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3755627                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3755627                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3968986                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755627                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1451823                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1441307                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3755627                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.032838                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3982090                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3982090                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4196701                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3982090                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1559755                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1545530                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3982090                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.034818                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5801212     27.49%     27.49% |    14236265     67.46%     94.95% |     1066800      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21104277                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5801212     27.49%     27.49% |    14236267     67.46%     94.95% |     1066800      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21104279                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   217380099                       |   358363131                       |    24275550                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   665911932                       |    56396210                       |     1066810                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.471497                       |   25.172553                       |   22.755484                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  114.788415                       |    3.961447                       |    1.000009                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.431146                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    34.276225                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         62.707371                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002921                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.063179      7.02%      7.02% |    0.063180      7.02%     14.04% |    0.062094      6.90%     20.95% |    0.061816      6.87%     27.82% |    0.152407     16.94%     44.76% |    0.148727     16.53%     61.29% |    0.152349     16.93%     78.22% |    0.148697     16.53%     94.75% |    0.011814      1.31%     96.06% |    0.011821      1.31%     97.37% |    0.011819      1.31%     98.69% |    0.011817      1.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.899721                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022350                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027397                       |    0.000001                       |    0.005718                       |    0.005718                       |    0.005715                       |    0.005716                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005324                       |    0.002819                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002781                       |    0.002645                       |    0.002663                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002628                       |    0.002677                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002810                       |    0.002714                       |    0.002684                       |    0.002706                       |    0.002650                       |    0.002674                       |    0.002761                       |    0.002700                       |    0.002713                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002746                       |    0.003033                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002712                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002729                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002748                       |    0.002815                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002938                       |    0.003120                       |    0.010334                       |    0.010151                       |    0.010151                       |    0.010134                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.000463                       |    0.001395                       |    0.000226                       |    0.000246                       |    0.000222                       |    0.000239                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002959                       |    0.002332                       |           0                       |    0.002725                       |           0                       |    0.004060                       |    0.005636                       |    0.002335                       |           0                       |    0.002871                       |    0.007627                       |           0                       |    0.008013                       |    0.010143                       |    0.005088                       |    0.007118                       |    0.002679                       |    0.000226                       |    0.009828                       |    0.007494                       |    0.011216                       |    0.007118                       |    0.002827                       |    0.000246                       |    0.011955                       |    0.008948                       |    0.004068                       |           0                       |    0.002858                       |    0.007449                       |           0                       |    0.010870                       |    0.007904                       |    0.006011                       |           0                       |    0.002755                       |           0                       |    0.005440                       |    0.003953                       |    0.003595                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002334                       |           0                       |    0.003002                       |           0                       |    0.001289                       |    0.003033                       |    0.003033                       |           0                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.001107                       |    0.004886                       |    0.005760                       |    0.002986                       |    0.007117                       |    0.002686                       |    0.000222                       |    0.005129                       |    0.009365                       |    0.010611                       |    0.004139                       |    0.032273                       |    0.004515                       |    0.000463                       |    0.007887                       |    0.015362                       |    0.020174                       |    0.004198                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002851                       |    0.001395                       |    0.008054                       |    0.010122                       |    0.016065                       |    0.004164                       |    0.007118                       |    0.002692                       |    0.000239                       |    0.007714                       |    0.009373                       |    0.009191                       |    0.005192                       |           0                       |    0.002736                       |           0                       |    0.002399                       |    0.005413                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004265                       |           0                       |    0.002777                       |           0                       |    0.001163                       |    0.002729                       |    0.003042                       |           0                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.000106                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |    0.002810                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002626                       |    0.005528                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |    0.002957                       |    0.007449                       |           0                       |    0.004477                       |    0.005154                       |    0.010079                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.002665                       |           0                       |    0.019738                       |    0.005533                       |    0.004304                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002693                       |           0                       |    0.004822                       |    0.009183                       |    0.004558                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.003053                       |    0.007442                       |           0                       |    0.005412                       |    0.011109                       |    0.005042                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.002731                       |           0                       |    0.001262                       |    0.005411                       |    0.002520                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |    0.002771                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002712                       |           0                       |    0.002704                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005363                       |           0                       |    0.002722                       |           0                       |    0.004549                       |           0                       |    0.006444                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |    0.008956                       |    0.002956                       |    0.003627                       |           0                       |    0.002732                       |           0                       |    0.001782                       |    0.006335                       |    0.003884                       |           0                       |    0.002759                       |           0                       |    0.006404                       |    0.005675                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002794                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005482                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002783                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002748                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.899721                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5091086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5091086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3480403                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2854353                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.012141                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          370808                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9839337                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55066                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             8000791                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103625                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9894403                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8104416                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17840128                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158691                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17998819                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3943581                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9454                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3953035                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3943581                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9454                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3953035                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                110808578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14828687                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30002656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5091086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3225161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              91026612                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       241126                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320545                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3942948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3829                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    107069663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.513953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.781960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96697050     90.31%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1576885      1.47%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           840718      0.79%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           766229      0.72%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           844962      0.79%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           875653      0.82%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           767751      0.72%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           496185      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4204230      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    107069663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9320406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89877276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4715691                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2812886                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51357878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10478146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52076518                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7427549                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6241641                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30502405                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50017241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2381304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52114331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     123078284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     76834754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41676163                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10438138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19053181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5058297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8267044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       713454                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       563134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           48755655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       295479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51522194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7783461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12495985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67884                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    107069663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86293262     80.60%     80.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7796816      7.28%     87.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5457789      5.10%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2466044      2.30%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2085101      1.95%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1531413      1.43%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878543      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342619      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218076      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    107069663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106618     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680188     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90849     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235516      0.46%      0.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33079178     64.20%     64.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9984718     19.38%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8139702     15.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51522194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464966                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017035                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    211207185                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     56842021                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45393956                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52164290                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       890765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7769                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5850852                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4626033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44977782                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     49051134                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114024                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5058297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8267044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       286382                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73483                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816890                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7769                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       225075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      51009003                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9832262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17842465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3877567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8010203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45474176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45393990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25346384                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41424277                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.409661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.611873                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8006950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       227595                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316868                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    105792500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.210116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89852110     84.93%     84.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5697494      5.39%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5149890      4.87%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1990071      1.88%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       983187      0.93%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       357831      0.34%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219233      0.21%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311438      0.29%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1231246      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    105792500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23213313                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       41034822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11637051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3882684                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3503691                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40678635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       293883                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29206010     71.17%     71.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3882684      9.46%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7754367     18.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     41034822                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1231246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            153514834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99366092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3738915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23213313                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              41034822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.773493                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.773493                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.209490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.209490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         79718785                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33184165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19249601                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12937843                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26156510                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1905890000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1905890000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3274811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       112.791605                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       42.490929                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      201.066332                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2685551     82.01%     82.01% |      114247      3.49%     85.49% |      100748      3.08%     88.57% |       95168      2.91%     91.48% |      100107      3.06%     94.53% |      110567      3.38%     97.91% |       55595      1.70%     99.61% |       12437      0.38%     99.99% |         391      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3274811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3764193                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.708846                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.128334                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       13.448896                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3727003     99.01%     99.01% |       29761      0.79%     99.80% |        4724      0.13%     99.93% |        1969      0.05%     99.98% |         626      0.02%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3764193                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15790                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.980684                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.642143                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.202662                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         568      3.60%      3.60% |        2041     12.93%     16.52% |        7227     45.77%     62.29% |        3522     22.31%     84.60% |        2408     15.25%     99.85% |          23      0.15%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15790                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4049159                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           53.224924                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.013124                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         192.705854                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3882175     95.88%     95.88% |      122480      3.02%     98.90% |       39326      0.97%     99.87% |        4533      0.11%     99.98% |         552      0.01%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4049159                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3582786                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000992                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000855                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031617                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3579242     99.90%     99.90% |        3540      0.10%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3582786                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466373                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     439.056869                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    258.343277                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    392.651775                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      299389     64.20%     64.20% |      122480     26.26%     90.46% |       39326      8.43%     98.89% |        4533      0.97%     99.86% |         552      0.12%     99.98% |          77      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466373                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          8002538                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           30.136248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.139540                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         132.714271                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7853916     98.14%     98.14% |      117526      1.47%     99.61% |       26407      0.33%     99.94% |        3973      0.05%     99.99% |         614      0.01%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            8002538                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7428186                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000228                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000195                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015975                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7426573     99.98%     99.98% |        1547      0.02%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7428186                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574352                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     381.090714                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    266.098419                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    335.728222                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      425730     74.12%     74.12% |      117526     20.46%     94.59% |       26407      4.60%     99.18% |        3973      0.69%     99.88% |         614      0.11%     99.98% |          88      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574352                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3936536                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.590537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.320636                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.731252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3936280     99.99%     99.99% |         248      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3936536                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3812441                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3812434    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3812441                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124095                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.176856                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.171452                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.593246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123839     99.79%     99.79% |         248      0.20%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124095                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.757035                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.677679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      164768     98.61%     98.61% |        1779      1.06%     99.68% |         462      0.28%     99.95% |          42      0.03%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154836     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154928                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.853594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.510348                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.136123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        9840     80.93%     80.93% |        1779     14.63%     95.57% |         462      3.80%     99.37% |          42      0.35%     99.71% |          15      0.12%     99.84% |          16      0.13%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9200                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       558973                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        43700                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     8123                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    15077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    28008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    70572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     8156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    15596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    28040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    70687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     8195                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    15192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   28019                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   71020                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    8106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   15162                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   28133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   70948                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    869                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   3384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   8820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   8705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  3373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  8372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2022                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  3259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  8444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     6686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     7955                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    13210                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    30201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     6557                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     7686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    13017                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    29819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     6693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     7893                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   13182                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   29892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    6596                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    7855                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   12983                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   29797                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                8992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               17184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               31392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               79392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  183300                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140289053325632                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140289053493792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  698211                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  175514                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                30975981                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               380753359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               381110063                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               380627924                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               380609543                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              380771749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              381122356                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              380620457                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              380600984                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              380756823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              381101686                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    384                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  17184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  48288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  8608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  8576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 14208                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 31104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                15234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                42776                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  338                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                15272                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                42923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7580                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               15290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               43200                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 346                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7556                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               15353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               43049                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               1950                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               5512                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 46                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                808                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               5365                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 48                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1028                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              1894                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              5088                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                38                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1052                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              1831                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              5239                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                7787                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                7546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               12774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               27796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                7818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                7796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12768                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               27764                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                7859                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                7612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              12729                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              27820                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               7760                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               7606                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              12780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              27899                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               821                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1030                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              3308                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               790                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              3340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               749                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               964                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1479                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             3284                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              848                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              970                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1428                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             3205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 356443                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 599446                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 854972                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1841956                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 355227                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 591920                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 857437                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1837909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 353168                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 594048                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                852505                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1786927                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                354210                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                596944                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                839183                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1785611                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 34693                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                165101                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                775258                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1685237                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 29960                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                204566                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                772901                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1682927                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 35202                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                163150                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               767101                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1646711                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                30138                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               159383                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               758727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1634459                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             242178                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1084298                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             245050                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             244428                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1034572                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             244736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             241193                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1084944                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            244736                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            245419                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1090436                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            244832                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            507648                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               593656                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               273995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               545482                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               806266                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               607673                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               256421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               532039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               783233                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               602706                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               275400                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              492703                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              760864                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              602077                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              275718                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              503804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              763485                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            34693                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           165101                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           775258                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1685237                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            29960                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           204566                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           772901                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1682927                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            35202                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           163150                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          767101                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1646711                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           30138                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          159383                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          758727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1634459                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        141312                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        244527                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        141048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        244736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        140928                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       244736                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       141048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       540672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       244280                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       507648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          289186                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          273995                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          504878                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          806266                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          286290                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          256421                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          496670                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          783233                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          283713                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          275400                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         485002                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         760864                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         284564                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         275718                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         472887                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         763485                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             316898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             436372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             826128                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1778500                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             315300                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             446632                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             828737                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1774453                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             316448                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             438229                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            821913                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1723471                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            313390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            432978                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            810963                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1722155                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               827                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658079                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110837798                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         111142777                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111590979                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657429                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110837794                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         111142773                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111590975                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657431                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110837800                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        111142779                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111590981                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657667                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110837796                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        111142775                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111590977                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1971485                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2147253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2272590                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2752740                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1967613                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2138577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2260616                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2740196                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1965711                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2134250                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2267350                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2720178                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1967174                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2134316                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2254123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2718523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               304                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               162                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               536                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1327                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               294                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              526                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             1284                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              298                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              529                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             1310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              1802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2411                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              1410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              5323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             2394                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             5016                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1475                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             2527                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2               119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1024                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2               114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1315                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2               113                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             8420                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2              121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             3112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             9487                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           20828                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           55804                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           88625                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          190397                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           19461                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           48246                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           77713                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          172368                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           21034                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           57869                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles          88534                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         179637                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          18356                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          51464                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          72861                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         164434                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197231     25.34%     25.34% |      193810     24.90%     50.24% |      193816     24.90%     75.14% |      193489     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119972     25.54%     25.54% |      116598     24.82%     50.36% |      116596     24.82%     75.18% |      116569     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197255     25.34%     25.34% |      193808     24.90%     50.24% |      193816     24.90%     75.14% |      193489     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125863     25.51%     25.51% |      122501     24.83%     50.34% |      122499     24.83%     75.17% |      122472     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69067     25.04%     25.04% |       69019     25.02%     50.06% |       69028     25.02%     75.08% |       68728     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       275842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197231     25.34%     25.34% |      193810     24.90%     50.24% |      193816     24.90%     75.14% |      193489     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778346                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119728     25.53%     25.53% |      116421     24.83%     50.36% |      116419     24.82%     75.18% |      116392     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69067     25.04%     25.04% |       69019     25.02%     50.06% |       69028     25.02%     75.08% |       68728     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       275842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197231     25.34%     25.34% |      193808     24.90%     50.24% |      193816     24.90%     75.14% |      193489     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119728     25.53%     25.53% |      116421     24.83%     50.36% |      116419     24.82%     75.18% |      116392     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3752917     92.65%     92.65% |          48      0.00%     92.66% |       74370      1.84%     94.49% |       74372      1.84%     96.33% |       74369      1.84%     98.16% |       74378      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4050454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3936594    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3936594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7921217     96.94%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |       62469      0.76%     97.71% |       62469      0.76%     98.47% |       62473      0.76%     99.24% |       62469      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8171097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15150     97.73%     97.73% |          48      0.31%     98.04% |          82      0.53%     98.57% |          88      0.57%     99.14% |          85      0.55%     99.68% |          49      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630998     53.84%     53.84% |           0      0.00%     53.84% |      135247     11.54%     65.38% |      135254     11.54%     76.92% |      135231     11.54%     88.46% |      135261     11.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1171991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     25.27%     25.27% |          21     23.08%     48.35% |          19     20.88%     69.23% |          28     30.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           91                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     41.12%     41.12% |           2      1.02%     42.13% |          33     16.75%     58.88% |          26     13.20%     72.08% |          24     12.18%     84.26% |          31     15.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169610     36.53%     36.53% |          40      0.01%     36.54% |       73645     15.86%     52.40% |       73644     15.86%     68.27% |       73621     15.86%     84.12% |       73709     15.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.02%      1.02% |           8      4.06%      5.08% |          48     24.37%     29.44% |          61     30.96%     60.41% |          61     30.96%     91.37% |          17      8.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464298     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       62063      8.71%     73.87% |       62061      8.71%     82.58% |       62057      8.71%     91.29% |       62044      8.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506196     48.36%     48.36% |           0      0.00%     48.36% |      135139     12.91%     61.27% |      135146     12.91%     74.18% |      135124     12.91%     87.09% |      135182     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1046787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170815     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.69% |       73695     15.83%     52.51% |       73706     15.83%     68.34% |       73683     15.82%     84.17% |       73727     15.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       62061     10.58%     68.26% |       62060     10.58%     78.84% |       62056     10.58%     89.42% |       62043     10.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     97.37%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |          82      0.71%     98.08% |          88      0.76%     98.84% |          85      0.73%     99.58% |          49      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         700     96.55%     96.55% |          25      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1406    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         849     90.32%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |          23      2.45%     92.77% |          21      2.23%     95.00% |          19      2.02%     97.02% |          28      2.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |          10      0.05%     99.89% |           9      0.04%     99.94% |           9      0.04%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3812441    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3812441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2319     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.76%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |          82      0.07%     99.82% |          87      0.07%     99.89% |          84      0.07%     99.96% |          48      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643508     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         663      0.04%     99.88% |         653      0.04%     99.92% |         676      0.04%     99.96% |         637      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1646137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1385     97.33%     97.33% |          38      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139030     32.11%     32.11% |           0      0.00%     32.11% |       73434     16.96%     49.08% |       73427     16.96%     66.04% |       73471     16.97%     83.01% |       73551     16.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.80%      1.80% |          32     28.83%     30.63% |          25     22.52%     53.15% |          22     19.82%     72.97% |          30     27.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1916023    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1916023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7553660     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         399      0.01%     99.98% |         403      0.01%     99.99% |         407      0.01%     99.99% |         420      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7555289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367166     59.81%     59.81% |           0      0.00%     59.81% |       61705     10.05%     69.86% |       61719     10.05%     79.92% |       61653     10.04%     89.96% |       61631     10.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       613874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     25.27%     25.27% |          21     23.08%     48.35% |          19     20.88%     69.23% |          28     30.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           91                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     96.54%     96.54% |           0      0.00%     96.54% |           2      0.77%     97.31% |           0      0.00%     97.31% |           4      1.54%     98.85% |           3      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169610     36.53%     36.53% |          40      0.01%     36.54% |       73645     15.86%     52.40% |       73644     15.86%     68.27% |       73621     15.86%     84.12% |       73709     15.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.02%      1.02% |           8      4.06%      5.08% |          48     24.37%     29.44% |          61     30.96%     60.41% |          61     30.96%     91.37% |          17      8.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338301     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       62061     10.58%     68.26% |       62060     10.58%     78.84% |       62056     10.58%     89.42% |       62043     10.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1277     98.69%     98.69% |           0      0.00%     98.69% |           2      0.15%     98.84% |           4      0.31%     99.15% |           1      0.08%     99.23% |          10      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     79.74%     79.74% |           0      0.00%     79.74% |           9      5.88%     85.62% |           6      3.92%     89.54% |          10      6.54%     96.08% |           6      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506196     48.36%     48.36% |           0      0.00%     48.36% |      135138     12.91%     61.27% |      135145     12.91%     74.18% |      135122     12.91%     87.09% |      135181     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1046782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3803      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3281      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5142      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3818      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3740      3.01%     49.42% |        4116      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.08% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3382      2.72%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3703      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3244      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5204      4.19%     92.35% |        5074      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55090     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.79% |       12715      2.73%     17.52% |       13619      2.92%     20.44% |       12830      2.75%     23.19% |       12688      2.72%     25.91% |       12289      2.63%     28.54% |       12554      2.69%     31.23% |       12932      2.77%     34.01% |       12814      2.75%     36.75% |       14938      3.20%     39.96% |       13302      2.85%     42.81% |       12837      2.75%     45.56% |       12821      2.75%     48.31% |       12195      2.61%     50.92% |       12578      2.70%     53.62% |       13671      2.93%     56.55% |       12722      2.73%     59.28% |       13076      2.80%     62.08% |       13141      2.82%     64.90% |       13664      2.93%     67.83% |       16800      3.60%     71.43% |       12767      2.74%     74.17% |       12920      2.77%     76.94% |       12842      2.75%     79.69% |       12997      2.79%     82.48% |       12533      2.69%     85.17% |       12238      2.62%     87.79% |       13245      2.84%     90.63% |       12617      2.71%     93.33% |       13593      2.91%     96.25% |       17499      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466419                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22432      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16796      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16964      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16816      2.87%     21.80% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17469      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17615      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.63% |       17672      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17892      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18467      3.15%     64.00% |       20245      3.45%     67.45% |       18487      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.13%     73.73% |       18405      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18636      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.33% |       19437      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75557      7.22%      7.22% |       32750      3.13%     10.35% |       29373      2.81%     13.15% |       32254      3.08%     16.23% |       29664      2.83%     19.07% |       29556      2.82%     21.89% |       28964      2.77%     24.66% |       29576      2.83%     27.48% |       30269      2.89%     30.38% |       29873      2.85%     33.23% |       32404      3.10%     36.32% |       30754      2.94%     39.26% |       30387      2.90%     42.17% |       30189      2.88%     45.05% |       29484      2.82%     47.87% |       30084      2.87%     50.74% |       31361      3.00%     53.74% |       30200      2.89%     56.62% |       30801      2.94%     59.56% |       31506      3.01%     62.57% |       31990      3.06%     65.63% |       36866      3.52%     69.15% |       31133      2.97%     72.12% |       31128      2.97%     75.10% |       31123      2.97%     78.07% |       31121      2.97%     81.04% |       31047      2.97%     84.01% |       30758      2.94%     86.95% |       32563      3.11%     90.06% |       32037      3.06%     93.12% |       34008      3.25%     96.37% |       38007      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1046787                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17861      3.81%      3.81% |       14544      3.10%      6.91% |       14555      3.10%     10.02% |       14539      3.10%     13.12% |       14522      3.10%     16.21% |       14531      3.10%     19.31% |       14540      3.10%     22.41% |       14542      3.10%     25.52% |       14550      3.10%     28.62% |       14561      3.11%     31.72% |       14555      3.10%     34.83% |       14551      3.10%     37.93% |       14539      3.10%     41.03% |       14546      3.10%     44.14% |       14539      3.10%     47.24% |       14537      3.10%     50.34% |       14567      3.11%     53.44% |       14559      3.11%     56.55% |       14562      3.11%     59.65% |       14559      3.11%     62.76% |       14546      3.10%     65.86% |       14567      3.11%     68.97% |       14552      3.10%     72.07% |       14553      3.10%     75.18% |       14567      3.11%     78.28% |       14563      3.11%     81.39% |       14557      3.10%     84.49% |       14552      3.10%     87.60% |       14548      3.10%     90.70% |       14527      3.10%     93.80% |       14537      3.10%     96.90% |       14535      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8802      3.19%      3.19% |        8687      3.15%      6.34% |        8689      3.15%      9.49% |        8626      3.13%     12.61% |        8616      3.12%     15.74% |        8597      3.12%     18.85% |        8610      3.12%     21.97% |        8617      3.12%     25.09% |        8615      3.12%     28.22% |        8661      3.14%     31.35% |        8678      3.14%     34.50% |        8627      3.13%     37.63% |        8651      3.14%     40.76% |        8619      3.12%     43.88% |        8658      3.14%     47.02% |        8598      3.12%     50.14% |        8611      3.12%     53.26% |        8602      3.12%     56.38% |        8612      3.12%     59.50% |        8573      3.11%     62.60% |        8595      3.11%     65.72% |        8613      3.12%     68.84% |        8597      3.12%     71.96% |        8565      3.10%     75.06% |        8602      3.12%     78.18% |        8645      3.13%     81.31% |        8618      3.12%     84.43% |        8558      3.10%     87.53% |        8603      3.12%     90.65% |        8619      3.12%     93.78% |        8588      3.11%     96.89% |        8588      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       275940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27777      3.57%      3.57% |       24277      3.12%      6.69% |       24291      3.12%      9.81% |       24212      3.11%     12.92% |       24184      3.11%     16.03% |       24174      3.11%     19.13% |       24196      3.11%     22.24% |       24205      3.11%     25.35% |       24211      3.11%     28.46% |       24268      3.12%     31.58% |       24279      3.12%     34.70% |       24224      3.11%     37.81% |       24236      3.11%     40.92% |       24211      3.11%     44.04% |       24243      3.11%     47.15% |       24181      3.11%     50.26% |       24224      3.11%     53.37% |       24207      3.11%     56.48% |       24220      3.11%     59.59% |       24178      3.11%     62.70% |       24187      3.11%     65.80% |       24226      3.11%     68.92% |       24195      3.11%     72.03% |       24164      3.10%     75.13% |       24215      3.11%     78.24% |       24254      3.12%     81.36% |       24221      3.11%     84.47% |       24156      3.10%     87.57% |       24197      3.11%     90.68% |       24191      3.11%     93.79% |       24171      3.11%     96.89% |       24169      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26753      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23267      3.12%      9.83% |       23188      3.11%     12.94% |       23160      3.11%     16.04% |       23150      3.10%     19.15% |       23172      3.11%     22.26% |       23181      3.11%     25.37% |       23187      3.11%     28.48% |       23244      3.12%     31.59% |       23255      3.12%     34.71% |       23200      3.11%     37.82% |       23212      3.11%     40.94% |       23187      3.11%     44.05% |       23219      3.11%     47.16% |       23157      3.11%     50.27% |       23200      3.11%     53.38% |       23183      3.11%     56.49% |       23196      3.11%     59.60% |       23154      3.11%     62.71% |       23163      3.11%     65.81% |       23202      3.11%     68.92% |       23171      3.11%     72.03% |       23140      3.10%     75.14% |       23191      3.11%     78.25% |       23230      3.12%     81.36% |       23197      3.11%     84.47% |       23132      3.10%     87.58% |       23173      3.11%     90.68% |       23167      3.11%     93.79% |       23147      3.10%     96.90% |       23145      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     21.92%     21.92% |           2      0.77%     22.69% |           6      2.31%     25.00% |           5      1.92%     26.92% |           4      1.54%     28.46% |           4      1.54%     30.00% |           4      1.54%     31.54% |           5      1.92%     33.46% |           7      2.69%     36.15% |           4      1.54%     37.69% |           6      2.31%     40.00% |           4      1.54%     41.54% |           5      1.92%     43.46% |           3      1.15%     44.62% |           4      1.54%     46.15% |           3      1.15%     47.31% |           4      1.54%     48.85% |           3      1.15%     50.00% |           9      3.46%     53.46% |          10      3.85%     57.31% |          19      7.31%     64.62% |          19      7.31%     71.92% |           9      3.46%     75.38% |          10      3.85%     79.23% |           7      2.69%     81.92% |           8      3.08%     85.00% |           7      2.69%     87.69% |           9      3.46%     91.15% |           7      2.69%     93.85% |           6      2.31%     96.15% |           7      2.69%     98.85% |           3      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          65     56.03%     56.03% |           0      0.00%     56.03% |           0      0.00%     56.03% |          19     16.38%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |          14     12.07%     84.48% |           0      0.00%     84.48% |           0      0.00%     84.48% |          16     13.79%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           0      0.00%     98.28% |           2      1.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          66     33.33%     33.33% |           2      1.01%     34.34% |           1      0.51%     34.85% |          25     12.63%     47.47% |           3      1.52%     48.99% |           3      1.52%     50.51% |           4      2.02%     52.53% |           3      1.52%     54.04% |           5      2.53%     56.57% |           3      1.52%     58.08% |           2      1.01%     59.09% |           2      1.01%     60.10% |           3      1.52%     61.62% |           3      1.52%     63.13% |           4      2.02%     65.15% |           3      1.52%     66.67% |          17      8.59%     75.25% |           1      0.51%     75.76% |           2      1.01%     76.77% |          16      8.08%     84.85% |           1      0.51%     85.35% |           0      0.00%     85.35% |           1      0.51%     85.86% |           2      1.01%     86.87% |           3      1.52%     88.38% |           5      2.53%     90.91% |           4      2.02%     92.93% |           5      2.53%     95.45% |           3      1.52%     96.97% |           2      1.01%     97.98% |           2      1.01%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         580      3.84%      3.84% |         471      3.11%      6.95% |         461      3.05%     10.00% |         467      3.09%     13.09% |         456      3.02%     16.10% |         454      3.00%     19.10% |         467      3.09%     22.19% |         465      3.07%     25.27% |         457      3.02%     28.29% |         464      3.07%     31.36% |         504      3.33%     34.69% |         481      3.18%     37.87% |         496      3.28%     41.15% |         476      3.15%     44.30% |         494      3.27%     47.56% |         480      3.17%     50.74% |         504      3.33%     54.07% |         479      3.17%     57.24% |         468      3.09%     60.33% |         455      3.01%     63.34% |         430      2.84%     66.18% |         476      3.15%     69.33% |         446      2.95%     72.28% |         441      2.92%     75.20% |         475      3.14%     78.34% |         494      3.27%     81.60% |         483      3.19%     84.80% |         445      2.94%     87.74% |         459      3.04%     90.78% |         467      3.09%     93.86% |         467      3.09%     96.95% |         461      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          66     33.50%     33.50% |           2      1.02%     34.52% |           1      0.51%     35.03% |          22     11.17%     46.19% |           3      1.52%     47.72% |           3      1.52%     49.24% |           4      2.03%     51.27% |           3      1.52%     52.79% |           5      2.54%     55.33% |           3      1.52%     56.85% |           2      1.02%     57.87% |           2      1.02%     58.88% |           3      1.52%     60.41% |           3      1.52%     61.93% |           4      2.03%     63.96% |           3      1.52%     65.48% |          17      8.63%     74.11% |           1      0.51%     74.62% |           2      1.02%     75.63% |          16      8.12%     83.76% |           1      0.51%     84.26% |           0      0.00%     84.26% |           1      0.51%     84.77% |           2      1.02%     85.79% |           3      1.52%     87.31% |           5      2.54%     89.85% |           4      2.03%     91.88% |           7      3.55%     95.43% |           3      1.52%     96.95% |           2      1.02%     97.97% |           2      1.02%     98.98% |           2      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75889      7.22%      7.22% |       32866      3.13%     10.35% |       29495      2.81%     13.16% |       32389      3.08%     16.24% |       29777      2.83%     19.07% |       29675      2.82%     21.90% |       29078      2.77%     24.66% |       29694      2.83%     27.49% |       30389      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32534      3.10%     36.33% |       30866      2.94%     39.27% |       30501      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29595      2.82%     47.87% |       30191      2.87%     50.74% |       31497      3.00%     53.74% |       30309      2.88%     56.63% |       30909      2.94%     59.57% |       31634      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.63% |       37023      3.52%     69.16% |       31250      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.11% |       31238      2.97%     78.08% |       31235      2.97%     81.05% |       31162      2.97%     84.02% |       30874      2.94%     86.95% |       32679      3.11%     90.06% |       32151      3.06%     93.12% |       34124      3.25%     96.37% |       38130      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         423      3.13%      6.44% |         414      3.07%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.68% |         418      3.09%     30.77% |         443      3.28%     34.05% |         436      3.23%     37.28% |         450      3.33%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.10% |         441      3.27%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         409      3.03%     69.07% |         404      2.99%     72.06% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         437      3.24%     84.69% |         401      2.97%     87.66% |         415      3.07%     90.73% |         425      3.15%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12360      4.29%      4.29% |        8968      3.11%      7.40% |        8984      3.12%     10.52% |        8915      3.09%     13.62% |        8889      3.09%     16.70% |        8880      3.08%     19.78% |        8886      3.08%     22.87% |        8898      3.09%     25.96% |        8907      3.09%     29.05% |        8948      3.11%     32.16% |        8953      3.11%     35.26% |        8885      3.08%     38.35% |        8892      3.09%     41.43% |        8888      3.09%     44.52% |        8903      3.09%     47.61% |        8853      3.07%     50.68% |        8867      3.08%     53.76% |        8867      3.08%     56.84% |        8887      3.08%     59.92% |        8870      3.08%     63.00% |        8885      3.08%     66.09% |        8892      3.09%     69.17% |        8903      3.09%     72.26% |        8870      3.08%     75.34% |        8878      3.08%     78.43% |        8906      3.09%     81.52% |        8879      3.08%     84.60% |        8860      3.08%     87.67% |        8893      3.09%     90.76% |        8881      3.08%     93.84% |        8849      3.07%     96.92% |        8884      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288080                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14970      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14893      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14907      3.13%     53.12% |       14900      3.13%     56.25% |       14899      3.13%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14925      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.01% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14901      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14895      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14886      3.12%     93.75% |       14897      3.12%     96.88% |       14883      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          17     12.41%     12.41% |           3      2.19%     14.60% |           2      1.46%     16.06% |          12      8.76%     24.82% |           3      2.19%     27.01% |           5      3.65%     30.66% |           6      4.38%     35.04% |           3      2.19%     37.23% |           5      3.65%     40.88% |           3      2.19%     43.07% |           2      1.46%     44.53% |           2      1.46%     45.99% |           4      2.92%     48.91% |           3      2.19%     51.09% |           5      3.65%     54.74% |           3      2.19%     56.93% |          15     10.95%     67.88% |           1      0.73%     68.61% |           3      2.19%     70.80% |           6      4.38%     75.18% |           1      0.73%     75.91% |           0      0.00%     75.91% |           1      0.73%     76.64% |           2      1.46%     78.10% |           4      2.92%     81.02% |           5      3.65%     84.67% |           5      3.65%     88.32% |           6      4.38%     92.70% |           3      2.19%     94.89% |           2      1.46%     96.35% |           2      1.46%     97.81% |           3      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         496      3.66%      3.66% |         422      3.11%      6.77% |         411      3.03%      9.80% |         414      3.05%     12.85% |         411      3.03%     15.88% |         402      2.96%     18.85% |         417      3.07%     21.92% |         417      3.07%     24.99% |         407      3.00%     28.00% |         416      3.07%     31.06% |         445      3.28%     34.34% |         437      3.22%     37.57% |         448      3.30%     40.87% |         428      3.16%     44.02% |         449      3.31%     47.33% |         439      3.24%     50.57% |         450      3.32%     53.89% |         439      3.24%     57.13% |         432      3.19%     60.31% |         412      3.04%     63.35% |         385      2.84%     66.19% |         407      3.00%     69.19% |         404      2.98%     72.17% |         398      2.93%     75.10% |         430      3.17%     78.27% |         449      3.31%     81.58% |         437      3.22%     84.80% |         400      2.95%     87.75% |         413      3.05%     90.80% |         423      3.12%     93.92% |         422      3.11%     97.03% |         403      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41100     23.33%     23.33% |        4909      2.79%     26.11% |        3714      2.11%     28.22% |        4656      2.64%     30.86% |        3924      2.23%     33.09% |        3722      2.11%     35.20% |        3376      1.92%     37.12% |        3643      2.07%     39.19% |        4013      2.28%     41.46% |        3863      2.19%     43.66% |        5966      3.39%     47.04% |        4411      2.50%     49.55% |        3937      2.23%     51.78% |        3926      2.23%     54.01% |        3267      1.85%     55.86% |        3719      2.11%     57.97% |        4780      2.71%     60.69% |        3849      2.18%     62.87% |        4120      2.34%     65.21% |        4252      2.41%     67.62% |        4777      2.71%     70.34% |        7893      4.48%     74.81% |        3860      2.19%     77.01% |        4046      2.30%     79.30% |        3955      2.24%     81.55% |        4077      2.31%     83.86% |        3645      2.07%     85.93% |        3367      1.91%     87.84% |        4349      2.47%     90.31% |        3733      2.12%     92.43% |        4738      2.69%     95.12% |        8604      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7380      6.73%      6.73% |        4096      3.74%     10.47% |        1902      1.73%     12.20% |        3922      3.58%     15.78% |        2079      1.90%     17.67% |        2180      1.99%     19.66% |        1920      1.75%     21.41% |        2264      2.06%     23.48% |        2571      2.34%     25.82% |        2277      2.08%     27.90% |        2732      2.49%     30.39% |        2666      2.43%     32.82% |        2774      2.53%     35.35% |        2593      2.36%     37.72% |        2532      2.31%     40.03% |        2732      2.49%     42.52% |        2928      2.67%     45.19% |        2691      2.45%     47.64% |        2990      2.73%     50.37% |        3607      3.29%     53.66% |        3543      3.23%     56.89% |        5313      4.85%     61.74% |        3599      3.28%     65.02% |        3431      3.13%     68.15% |        3494      3.19%     71.34% |        3351      3.06%     74.39% |        3730      3.40%     77.79% |        3748      3.42%     81.21% |        4548      4.15%     85.36% |        4652      4.24%     89.60% |        5640      5.14%     94.75% |        5759      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17841      3.81%      3.81% |       14538      3.10%      6.91% |       14549      3.10%     10.01% |       14525      3.10%     13.11% |       14516      3.10%     16.21% |       14523      3.10%     19.31% |       14532      3.10%     22.41% |       14538      3.10%     25.51% |       14544      3.10%     28.62% |       14556      3.11%     31.72% |       14549      3.10%     34.83% |       14547      3.10%     37.93% |       14534      3.10%     41.03% |       14542      3.10%     44.13% |       14533      3.10%     47.24% |       14533      3.10%     50.34% |       14550      3.10%     53.44% |       14556      3.11%     56.55% |       14556      3.11%     59.65% |       14551      3.10%     62.76% |       14543      3.10%     65.86% |       14563      3.11%     68.97% |       14548      3.10%     72.07% |       14550      3.10%     75.18% |       14561      3.11%     78.28% |       14555      3.11%     81.39% |       14549      3.10%     84.49% |       14544      3.10%     87.60% |       14541      3.10%     90.70% |       14521      3.10%     93.80% |       14532      3.10%     96.90% |       14529      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8241      3.16%      3.16% |        8222      3.15%      6.31% |        8229      3.15%      9.46% |        8171      3.13%     12.60% |        8165      3.13%     15.73% |        8150      3.12%     18.85% |        8151      3.12%     21.97% |        8155      3.13%     25.10% |        8162      3.13%     28.23% |        8201      3.14%     31.37% |        8176      3.13%     34.50% |        8148      3.12%     37.63% |        8158      3.13%     40.75% |        8147      3.12%     43.88% |        8170      3.13%     47.01% |        8122      3.11%     50.12% |        8123      3.11%     53.23% |        8124      3.11%     56.35% |        8143      3.12%     59.47% |        8116      3.11%     62.58% |        8150      3.12%     65.70% |        8122      3.11%     68.82% |        8147      3.12%     71.94% |        8120      3.11%     75.05% |        8129      3.12%     78.17% |        8156      3.13%     81.29% |        8140      3.12%     84.41% |        8117      3.11%     87.52% |        8147      3.12%     90.65% |        8154      3.13%     93.77% |        8121      3.11%     96.88% |        8132      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       260909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          66     33.50%     33.50% |           2      1.02%     34.52% |           1      0.51%     35.03% |          22     11.17%     46.19% |           3      1.52%     47.72% |           3      1.52%     49.24% |           4      2.03%     51.27% |           3      1.52%     52.79% |           5      2.54%     55.33% |           3      1.52%     56.85% |           2      1.02%     57.87% |           2      1.02%     58.88% |           3      1.52%     60.41% |           3      1.52%     61.93% |           4      2.03%     63.96% |           3      1.52%     65.48% |          17      8.63%     74.11% |           1      0.51%     74.62% |           2      1.02%     75.63% |          16      8.12%     83.76% |           1      0.51%     84.26% |           0      0.00%     84.26% |           1      0.51%     84.77% |           2      1.02%     85.79% |           3      1.52%     87.31% |           5      2.54%     89.85% |           4      2.03%     91.88% |           7      3.55%     95.43% |           3      1.52%     96.95% |           2      1.02%     97.97% |           2      1.02%     98.98% |           2      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          77     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |          14     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           91                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75553      7.22%      7.22% |       32750      3.13%     10.35% |       29373      2.81%     13.15% |       32254      3.08%     16.23% |       29664      2.83%     19.07% |       29556      2.82%     21.89% |       28964      2.77%     24.66% |       29576      2.83%     27.48% |       30269      2.89%     30.37% |       29873      2.85%     33.23% |       32404      3.10%     36.32% |       30754      2.94%     39.26% |       30387      2.90%     42.17% |       30189      2.88%     45.05% |       29484      2.82%     47.87% |       30084      2.87%     50.74% |       31361      3.00%     53.74% |       30200      2.89%     56.62% |       30801      2.94%     59.56% |       31505      3.01%     62.57% |       31990      3.06%     65.63% |       36866      3.52%     69.15% |       31133      2.97%     72.12% |       31128      2.97%     75.10% |       31123      2.97%     78.07% |       31121      2.97%     81.04% |       31047      2.97%     84.01% |       30758      2.94%     86.95% |       32563      3.11%     90.06% |       32037      3.06%     93.12% |       34008      3.25%     96.37% |       38007      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1046782                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           3      3.90%     19.48% |           3      3.90%     23.38% |           2      2.60%     25.97% |           1      1.30%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          65      4.43%      4.43% |          43      2.93%      7.36% |          49      3.34%     10.69% |          41      2.79%     13.49% |          40      2.72%     16.21% |          45      3.07%     19.28% |          42      2.86%     22.14% |          45      3.07%     25.20% |          46      3.13%     28.34% |          44      3.00%     31.34% |          57      3.88%     35.22% |          42      2.86%     38.08% |          45      3.07%     41.14% |          44      3.00%     44.14% |          39      2.66%     46.80% |          37      2.52%     49.32% |          38      2.59%     51.91% |          39      2.66%     54.56% |          37      2.52%     57.08% |          45      3.07%     60.15% |          60      4.09%     64.24% |          84      5.72%     69.96% |          46      3.13%     73.09% |          47      3.20%     76.29% |          43      2.93%     79.22% |          40      2.72%     81.95% |          41      2.79%     84.74% |          41      2.79%     87.53% |          43      2.93%     90.46% |          42      2.86%     93.32% |          45      3.07%     96.39% |          53      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.67%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           0      0.00%      6.67% |           2      6.67%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           2      6.67%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           7     23.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           7     23.33%     66.67% |           2      6.67%     73.33% |           8     26.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      2.33%      2.33% |           1      2.33%      4.65% |           3      6.98%     11.63% |           2      4.65%     16.28% |           1      2.33%     18.60% |           1      2.33%     20.93% |           1      2.33%     23.26% |           2      4.65%     27.91% |           0      0.00%     27.91% |           0      0.00%     27.91% |           2      4.65%     32.56% |           1      2.33%     34.88% |           2      4.65%     39.53% |           1      2.33%     41.86% |           1      2.33%     44.19% |           1      2.33%     46.51% |           1      2.33%     48.84% |           0      0.00%     48.84% |           2      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      2.33%     55.81% |           8     18.60%     74.42% |           1      2.33%     76.74% |           0      0.00%     76.74% |           1      2.33%     79.07% |           1      2.33%     81.40% |           2      4.65%     86.05% |           1      2.33%     88.37% |           0      0.00%     88.37% |           1      2.33%     90.70% |           3      6.98%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26753      3.59%      3.59% |       23253      3.12%      6.71% |       23267      3.12%      9.83% |       23188      3.11%     12.94% |       23160      3.11%     16.04% |       23150      3.10%     19.15% |       23172      3.11%     22.26% |       23181      3.11%     25.37% |       23187      3.11%     28.48% |       23244      3.12%     31.59% |       23255      3.12%     34.71% |       23200      3.11%     37.82% |       23212      3.11%     40.94% |       23187      3.11%     44.05% |       23219      3.11%     47.16% |       23157      3.11%     50.27% |       23200      3.11%     53.38% |       23183      3.11%     56.49% |       23196      3.11%     59.60% |       23154      3.11%     62.71% |       23163      3.11%     65.81% |       23202      3.11%     68.92% |       23171      3.11%     72.03% |       23140      3.10%     75.14% |       23191      3.11%     78.25% |       23230      3.12%     81.36% |       23197      3.11%     84.47% |       23132      3.10%     87.58% |       23173      3.11%     90.68% |       23167      3.11%     93.79% |       23147      3.10%     96.90% |       23145      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           3      5.66%     28.30% |           3      5.66%     33.96% |           2      3.77%     37.74% |           2      3.77%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           2      2.04%      2.04% |           0      0.00%      2.04% |           4      4.08%      6.12% |           2      2.04%      8.16% |           1      1.02%      9.18% |           1      1.02%     10.20% |           0      0.00%     10.20% |           2      2.04%     12.24% |           2      2.04%     14.29% |           1      1.02%     15.31% |           3      3.06%     18.37% |           2      2.04%     20.41% |           2      2.04%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           1      1.02%     23.47% |           1      1.02%     24.49% |           5      5.10%     29.59% |           8      8.16%     37.76% |          17     17.35%     55.10% |          17     17.35%     72.45% |           6      6.12%     78.57% |           7      7.14%     85.71% |           2      2.04%     87.76% |           2      2.04%     89.80% |           1      1.02%     90.82% |           2      2.04%     92.86% |           1      1.02%     93.88% |           2      2.04%     95.92% |           3      3.06%     98.98% |           1      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          63      4.60%      4.60% |          43      3.14%      7.74% |          45      3.28%     11.02% |          39      2.85%     13.87% |          39      2.85%     16.72% |          44      3.21%     19.93% |          42      3.07%     22.99% |          43      3.14%     26.13% |          44      3.21%     29.34% |          43      3.14%     32.48% |          54      3.94%     36.42% |          40      2.92%     39.34% |          43      3.14%     42.48% |          44      3.21%     45.69% |          39      2.85%     48.54% |          37      2.70%     51.24% |          37      2.70%     53.94% |          38      2.77%     56.72% |          32      2.34%     59.05% |          37      2.70%     61.75% |          43      3.14%     64.89% |          67      4.89%     69.78% |          40      2.92%     72.70% |          40      2.92%     75.62% |          41      2.99%     78.61% |          38      2.77%     81.39% |          40      2.92%     84.31% |          39      2.85%     87.15% |          42      3.07%     90.22% |          40      2.92%     93.14% |          42      3.07%     96.20% |          52      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1370                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          49     68.06%     68.06% |           0      0.00%     68.06% |           0      0.00%     68.06% |          11     15.28%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      2.78%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |           0      0.00%     86.11% |          10     13.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           72                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         496      3.66%      3.66% |         422      3.11%      6.77% |         411      3.03%      9.80% |         414      3.05%     12.85% |         411      3.03%     15.88% |         402      2.96%     18.85% |         417      3.07%     21.92% |         417      3.07%     24.99% |         407      3.00%     28.00% |         416      3.07%     31.06% |         445      3.28%     34.34% |         437      3.22%     37.57% |         448      3.30%     40.87% |         428      3.16%     44.02% |         449      3.31%     47.33% |         439      3.24%     50.57% |         450      3.32%     53.89% |         439      3.24%     57.13% |         432      3.19%     60.31% |         412      3.04%     63.35% |         385      2.84%     66.19% |         407      3.00%     69.19% |         404      2.98%     72.17% |         398      2.93%     75.10% |         430      3.17%     78.27% |         449      3.31%     81.58% |         437      3.22%     84.80% |         400      2.95%     87.75% |         413      3.05%     90.80% |         423      3.12%     93.92% |         422      3.11%     97.03% |         403      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13563                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          17     13.49%     13.49% |           2      1.59%     15.08% |           1      0.79%     15.87% |          14     11.11%     26.98% |           3      2.38%     29.37% |           3      2.38%     31.75% |           4      3.17%     34.92% |           3      2.38%     37.30% |           5      3.97%     41.27% |           3      2.38%     43.65% |           2      1.59%     45.24% |           2      1.59%     46.83% |           3      2.38%     49.21% |           3      2.38%     51.59% |           4      3.17%     54.76% |           3      2.38%     57.14% |          15     11.90%     69.05% |           1      0.79%     69.84% |           2      1.59%     71.43% |           6      4.76%     76.19% |           1      0.79%     76.98% |           0      0.00%     76.98% |           1      0.79%     77.78% |           2      1.59%     79.37% |           3      2.38%     81.75% |           5      3.97%     85.71% |           4      3.17%     88.89% |           5      3.97%     92.86% |           3      2.38%     95.24% |           2      1.59%     96.83% |           2      1.59%     98.41% |           2      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          17     12.41%     12.41% |           3      2.19%     14.60% |           2      1.46%     16.06% |          12      8.76%     24.82% |           3      2.19%     27.01% |           5      3.65%     30.66% |           6      4.38%     35.04% |           3      2.19%     37.23% |           5      3.65%     40.88% |           3      2.19%     43.07% |           2      1.46%     44.53% |           2      1.46%     45.99% |           4      2.92%     48.91% |           3      2.19%     51.09% |           5      3.65%     54.74% |           3      2.19%     56.93% |          15     10.95%     67.88% |           1      0.73%     68.61% |           3      2.19%     70.80% |           6      4.38%     75.18% |           1      0.73%     75.91% |           0      0.00%     75.91% |           1      0.73%     76.64% |           2      1.46%     78.10% |           4      2.92%     81.02% |           5      3.65%     84.67% |           5      3.65%     88.32% |           6      4.38%     92.70% |           3      2.19%     94.89% |           2      1.46%     96.35% |           2      1.46%     97.81% |           3      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          137                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12359      4.29%      4.29% |        8968      3.11%      7.40% |        8984      3.12%     10.52% |        8915      3.09%     13.62% |        8889      3.09%     16.70% |        8880      3.08%     19.78% |        8886      3.08%     22.87% |        8898      3.09%     25.96% |        8907      3.09%     29.05% |        8948      3.11%     32.16% |        8953      3.11%     35.26% |        8885      3.08%     38.35% |        8892      3.09%     41.43% |        8888      3.09%     44.52% |        8903      3.09%     47.61% |        8853      3.07%     50.68% |        8867      3.08%     53.76% |        8867      3.08%     56.84% |        8887      3.08%     59.92% |        8870      3.08%     63.00% |        8885      3.08%     66.09% |        8892      3.09%     69.17% |        8903      3.09%     72.26% |        8870      3.08%     75.34% |        8878      3.08%     78.43% |        8906      3.09%     81.52% |        8879      3.08%     84.60% |        8860      3.08%     87.67% |        8893      3.09%     90.76% |        8880      3.08%     93.84% |        8849      3.07%     96.92% |        8884      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         448      3.32%      3.32% |         422      3.12%      6.44% |         414      3.07%      9.51% |         404      2.99%     12.50% |         410      3.04%     15.53% |         401      2.97%     18.50% |         414      3.07%     21.57% |         418      3.09%     24.66% |         407      3.01%     27.68% |         418      3.09%     30.77% |         443      3.28%     34.05% |         436      3.23%     37.28% |         450      3.33%     40.61% |         428      3.17%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.10% |         441      3.27%     50.37% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.96% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.18% |         386      2.86%     66.04% |         409      3.03%     69.07% |         404      2.99%     72.06% |         395      2.92%     74.98% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         437      3.24%     84.69% |         401      2.97%     87.66% |         415      3.07%     90.73% |         425      3.15%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14970      3.14%      3.14% |       14887      3.12%      6.26% |       14893      3.12%      9.39% |       14893      3.12%     12.51% |       14885      3.12%     15.63% |       14893      3.12%     18.76% |       14896      3.12%     21.88% |       14889      3.12%     25.00% |       14897      3.12%     28.13% |       14902      3.13%     31.25% |       14883      3.12%     34.38% |       14903      3.13%     37.50% |       14894      3.12%     40.63% |       14895      3.12%     43.75% |       14891      3.12%     46.87% |       14887      3.12%     50.00% |       14907      3.13%     53.12% |       14900      3.13%     56.25% |       14899      3.13%     59.37% |       14902      3.13%     62.50% |       14916      3.13%     65.63% |       14925      3.13%     68.76% |       14888      3.12%     71.88% |       14899      3.13%     75.01% |       14910      3.13%     78.13% |       14901      3.13%     81.26% |       14905      3.13%     84.38% |       14895      3.12%     87.51% |       14889      3.12%     90.63% |       14886      3.12%     93.75% |       14897      3.12%     96.88% |       14883      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75886      7.22%      7.22% |       32860      3.13%     10.35% |       29493      2.81%     13.16% |       32386      3.08%     16.24% |       29777      2.83%     19.07% |       29675      2.82%     21.90% |       29078      2.77%     24.66% |       29694      2.83%     27.49% |       30388      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.24% |       32534      3.10%     36.33% |       30865      2.94%     39.27% |       30497      2.90%     42.17% |       30302      2.88%     45.06% |       29593      2.82%     47.87% |       30191      2.87%     50.74% |       31496      3.00%     53.74% |       30307      2.88%     56.63% |       30896      2.94%     59.57% |       31631      3.01%     62.58% |       32121      3.06%     65.63% |       37023      3.52%     69.16% |       31250      2.97%     72.13% |       31246      2.97%     75.11% |       31237      2.97%     78.08% |       31235      2.97%     81.05% |       31159      2.97%     84.02% |       30870      2.94%     86.95% |       32679      3.11%     90.06% |       32151      3.06%     93.12% |       34124      3.25%     96.37% |       38130      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1050764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.28%      1.28% |           2      2.56%      3.85% |           1      1.28%      5.13% |           3      3.85%      8.97% |           3      3.85%     12.82% |           3      3.85%     16.67% |           4      5.13%     21.79% |           3      3.85%     25.64% |           5      6.41%     32.05% |           3      3.85%     35.90% |           2      2.56%     38.46% |           1      1.28%     39.74% |           3      3.85%     43.59% |           2      2.56%     46.15% |           4      5.13%     51.28% |           3      3.85%     55.13% |           3      3.85%     58.97% |           1      1.28%     60.26% |           2      2.56%     62.82% |           0      0.00%     62.82% |           1      1.28%     64.10% |           0      0.00%     64.10% |           1      1.28%     65.38% |           2      2.56%     67.95% |           3      3.85%     71.79% |           5      6.41%     78.21% |           4      5.13%     83.33% |           5      6.41%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          64     55.65%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |           0      0.00%     55.65% |          19     16.52%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |           0      0.00%     72.17% |          14     12.17%     84.35% |           0      0.00%     84.35% |           0      0.00%     84.35% |          16     13.91%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           2      1.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          65     33.68%     33.68% |           2      1.04%     34.72% |           1      0.52%     35.23% |          22     11.40%     46.63% |           3      1.55%     48.19% |           3      1.55%     49.74% |           4      2.07%     51.81% |           3      1.55%     53.37% |           5      2.59%     55.96% |           3      1.55%     57.51% |           2      1.04%     58.55% |           1      0.52%     59.07% |           3      1.55%     60.62% |           2      1.04%     61.66% |           4      2.07%     63.73% |           3      1.55%     65.28% |          17      8.81%     74.09% |           1      0.52%     74.61% |           2      1.04%     75.65% |          16      8.29%     83.94% |           1      0.52%     84.46% |           0      0.00%     84.46% |           1      0.52%     84.97% |           2      1.04%     86.01% |           3      1.55%     87.56% |           5      2.59%     90.16% |           4      2.07%     92.23% |           7      3.63%     95.85% |           2      1.04%     96.89% |           2      1.04%     97.93% |           2      1.04%     98.96% |           2      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          193                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       52908     16.58%     16.58% |      159585     50.00%     66.58% |       25889      8.11%     74.69% |       28146      8.82%     83.51% |       25348      7.94%     91.45% |       27294      8.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       319170                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       52908     16.58%     16.58% |      159585     50.00%     66.58% |       25889      8.11%     74.69% |       28146      8.82%     83.51% |       25348      7.94%     91.45% |       27294      8.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       319170                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       52908     16.58%     16.58% |      159585     50.00%     66.58% |       25889      8.11%     74.69% |       28146      8.82%     83.51% |       25348      7.94%     91.45% |       27294      8.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       319170                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       52908     16.58%     16.58% |      159585     50.00%     66.58% |       25889      8.11%     74.69% |       28146      8.82%     83.51% |       25348      7.94%     91.45% |       27294      8.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       319170                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
