
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59694388500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235862467000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80905                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68422060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4819684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   872.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39665521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70585027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235100423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            235100423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67137701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            67137701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    302238124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           302238124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62621                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62621                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      859                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      367                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59693896500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62621                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.190485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.888523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.027000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41507     48.59%     48.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17703     20.72%     69.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14875     17.41%     86.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2586      3.03%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1831      2.14%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1278      1.50%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1130      1.32%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          861      1.01%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3648      4.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.773080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    74.275267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11857     96.96%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          186      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           98      0.80%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           43      0.35%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.07%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.120615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.907349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12107     99.00%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            41      0.34%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           21      0.17%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           60      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3082531558                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7193656558                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14058.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32808.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      235.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   235.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157889                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38565                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211751.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10789148750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1993160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    46907357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              326229120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              319508280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              178002000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              174334875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862422600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847688400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205707600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200070000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25587314820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24914552085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13368778500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13958921250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44427075600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44313695850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.301127                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.401639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13850880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13850880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    232029850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            232029850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64339448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64339448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    296369298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           296369298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216420                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216420                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13850880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      535                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      323                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59693638000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216420                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 158381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        80883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.702076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.966142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.261339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37988     46.97%     46.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17012     21.03%     68.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14440     17.85%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2563      3.17%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1866      2.31%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1285      1.59%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1081      1.34%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          940      1.16%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3708      4.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        80883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.304062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.599844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11371     97.04%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          157      1.34%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           94      0.80%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           47      0.40%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           24      0.20%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.121096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.083208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.888375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11600     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            43      0.37%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           21      0.18%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           54      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2867395089                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6924876339                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13250.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32000.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      232.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   232.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156635                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    215944.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11219747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1993160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46477252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              309891960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              301583520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              169087875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              164554500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851533800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197562240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25278030540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24341997915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13640080500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14461161750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44344807875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44195491725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.922869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.421327                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    232044860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            232044860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64359818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64359818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    296404678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           296404678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216434                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216434                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      527                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      269                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59693670500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216434                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        80909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.665810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.820504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.213204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38207     47.22%     47.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16605     20.52%     67.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14602     18.05%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2581      3.19%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1854      2.29%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1327      1.64%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1104      1.36%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          943      1.17%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3686      4.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        80909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.446292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    77.816337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11381     97.02%     97.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          163      1.39%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           89      0.76%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           45      0.38%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           25      0.21%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.117647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.081807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.858555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11611     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            50      0.43%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           21      0.18%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           48      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2870524827                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6928437327                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13263.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32013.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      232.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   232.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38939                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    215918.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11118325750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1993160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46578310750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              309778560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              301885920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              169026000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              164719500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851650800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836323800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197607600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25258951215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24486813540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13656816750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14334130500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44342451885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44213881020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.883398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.729409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13836864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231795054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231795054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64301923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64301923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    296096977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           296096977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13836928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      554                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      304                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59693643000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 158266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        80675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.076343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.089925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.699723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37963     47.06%     47.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16617     20.60%     67.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14655     18.17%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2556      3.17%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1841      2.28%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1293      1.60%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1114      1.38%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          883      1.09%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3753      4.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        80675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.441904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.476563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11359     96.90%     96.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          178      1.52%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           88      0.75%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           45      0.38%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           27      0.23%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.116533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.868095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11604     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            48      0.41%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           20      0.17%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           50      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2923564873                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6977146123                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13523.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32273.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  156543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38945                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216141.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11011910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1993160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46684874500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              308100240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              301802760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              168110250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              164674125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850254600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835949400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191393280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3898620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25168310100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24295856130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13736326500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14501637000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44326973850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44189933655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.624090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.328211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472700                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.409959                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.068472                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                10.801075                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7460137     99.83%     99.83% |       11669      0.16%     99.99% |         547      0.01%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472700                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20834749                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.639364                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450793                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.977269                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    19968434     95.84%     95.84% |      853601      4.10%     99.94% |        6218      0.03%     99.97% |        1660      0.01%     99.98% |        1336      0.01%     99.98% |         682      0.00%     99.99% |         638      0.00%     99.99% |         527      0.00%     99.99% |        1653      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20834749                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20834746                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.545457                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.780193                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.573587                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20817180     99.92%     99.92% |       15154      0.07%     99.99% |        1043      0.01%     99.99% |         723      0.00%    100.00% |         377      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20834746                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19609553                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000236                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000204                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015357                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19604927     99.98%     99.98% |        4626      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19609553                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225193                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.324635                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.706070                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       122.331557                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1207627     98.57%     98.57% |       15154      1.24%     99.80% |        1043      0.09%     99.89% |         723      0.06%     99.95% |         377      0.03%     99.98% |         174      0.01%     99.99% |          75      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225193                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814740                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814740                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14073174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14514380                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4737857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4862146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111455                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22661                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52977                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1882396                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45276                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3318                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80402                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           37                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           37                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80410                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27160                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27168                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36814                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27164                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39430                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40120                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35018                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           61                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9344059                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9344059                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9419846                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9344059                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4620963                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4619235                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9344059                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078266                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5728460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5728460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5772977                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5728460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3762790                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3756016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5728460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047982                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4243187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4243187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4275238                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4243187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2061146                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2059491                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4243187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035541                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3752838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3752838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3779355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1938225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1937286                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3752838                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031434                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4039963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4039963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4060323                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4039963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2438652                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2436131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4039963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033839                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3752062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3752062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3770650                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3752062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169927                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2169190                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3752062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031427                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822185                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822185                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856526                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822185                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082453                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2081833                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822185                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040391                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3719163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3719163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3744216                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3719163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1809380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1808731                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3719163                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2535056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2535056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2535056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1323878                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1323476                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2535056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021234                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2959081                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2959081                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2971575                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2959081                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1648699                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1648157                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2959081                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024785                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2064430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2064430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2070614                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2064430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910357                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910242                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2064430                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017292                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1732950                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1732950                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735310                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1732950                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785270                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1732950                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014515                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995085                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1011022                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010893                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991613                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016682                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768697                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768697                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771411                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768697                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801024                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800953                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768696                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014815                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064671                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454795                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454745                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062613                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008900                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500132                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676407                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676290                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495910                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012530                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035702                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035702                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041445                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035702                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821862                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035702                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017051                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618141                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618141                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621738                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618141                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       688941                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688853                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618141                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013554                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507495                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507495                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513182                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507495                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707529                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707343                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507495                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012627                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       890953                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       890953                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893495                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       890953                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398289                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398225                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       890953                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888838                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888838                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889217                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888838                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451667                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888838                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007445                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541397                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541322                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985042                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008251                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948246                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948246                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949062                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948246                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474114                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474074                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948246                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007943                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273804                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273804                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590424                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004945                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849171                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407334                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007109                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530171                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530099                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008140                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934770                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934770                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935514                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934770                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462267                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462246                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934770                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007830                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275500                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275500                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597288                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005003                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880229                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879257                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032291                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3673972                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3673972                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705541                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3673972                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735102                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3673972                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030773                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761621                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761621                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3794157                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761621                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696801                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695869                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761621                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031507                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820450                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820450                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852962                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820450                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770253                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769354                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820450                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032000                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6350766     29.35%     29.35% |    14161925     65.45%     94.81% |     1123577      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21636268                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6350768     29.35%     29.35% |    14161926     65.45%     94.81% |     1123577      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21636271                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154440534                       |   334742627                       |    25524179                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    14901061                       |    45469606                       |     1124325                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.318410                       |   23.636803                       |   22.716893                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.346341                       |    3.210694                       |    1.000666                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.789100                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.842218                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.631318                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002844                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.062136      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062289      7.11%     14.20% |    0.062136      7.09%     21.30% |    0.062264      7.11%     28.41% |    0.144577     16.51%     44.91% |    0.144822     16.53%     61.45% |    0.144627     16.51%     77.96% |    0.144778     16.53%     94.48% |    0.012074      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012080      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012079      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012077      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.875939                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021710                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022660                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002803                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002148                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002140                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004936                       |    0.002519                       |    0.002472                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002488                       |    0.002460                       |    0.002437                       |    0.002402                       |    0.002528                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002564                       |    0.002499                       |    0.002463                       |    0.002451                       |    0.002435                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002572                       |    0.002470                       |    0.002489                       |    0.002451                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002463                       |    0.002481                       |    0.002424                       |    0.002518                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002471                       |    0.002506                       |    0.002495                       |    0.002608                       |    0.002648                       |    0.011007                       |    0.010860                       |    0.010861                       |    0.010849                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000644                       |    0.007473                       |    0.000916                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000847                       |    0.000862                       |    0.000846                       |    0.000863                       |    0.000812                       |    0.000825                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002569                       |    0.000208                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002667                       |    0.002001                       |    0.004028                       |    0.002598                       |    0.000812                       |    0.003674                       |    0.007104                       |    0.003018                       |           0                       |    0.002596                       |    0.005557                       |           0                       |    0.008242                       |    0.012156                       |    0.003741                       |    0.004855                       |    0.002561                       |    0.000916                       |    0.007824                       |    0.008494                       |    0.010890                       |    0.004038                       |    0.002547                       |    0.000859                       |    0.010301                       |    0.006729                       |    0.006960                       |           0                       |    0.002539                       |    0.005421                       |           0                       |    0.011248                       |    0.007156                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |    0.002559                       |           0                       |    0.005017                       |    0.003582                       |    0.003356                       |           0                       |    0.002587                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |    0.002004                       |           0                       |    0.002546                       |           0                       |    0.001104                       |    0.002463                       |    0.002138                       |    0.004038                       |    0.002550                       |    0.000825                       |    0.004850                       |    0.003423                       |    0.006918                       |    0.002182                       |    0.004037                       |    0.002572                       |    0.000847                       |    0.003849                       |    0.009551                       |    0.010050                       |    0.002931                       |    0.027484                       |    0.004242                       |    0.000644                       |    0.006894                       |    0.014768                       |    0.017821                       |    0.006413                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002569                       |    0.007473                       |    0.006214                       |    0.012363                       |    0.013028                       |    0.006331                       |    0.004037                       |    0.002530                       |    0.000862                       |    0.005672                       |    0.007877                       |    0.006792                       |    0.003657                       |           0                       |    0.002560                       |           0                       |    0.002342                       |    0.004920                       |    0.003411                       |    0.003448                       |           0                       |    0.002537                       |           0                       |    0.001009                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002138                       |           0                       |    0.002577                       |           0                       |    0.000364                       |    0.002481                       |    0.002521                       |           0                       |    0.002620                       |           0                       |    0.004272                       |    0.003324                       |    0.004547                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002659                       |    0.005422                       |           0                       |    0.002937                       |    0.008056                       |    0.009925                       |    0.002508                       |    0.004037                       |    0.002527                       |    0.000846                       |    0.016721                       |    0.007541                       |    0.006096                       |    0.002623                       |    0.004049                       |    0.002508                       |    0.000863                       |    0.005329                       |    0.010298                       |    0.005574                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |    0.002653                       |    0.005416                       |           0                       |    0.003608                       |    0.011297                       |    0.006452                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.002518                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |    0.004914                       |    0.003229                       |    0.002541                       |           0                       |    0.002567                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002462                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |    0.002521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002424                       |           0                       |    0.002529                       |           0                       |    0.002009                       |           0                       |    0.004362                       |           0                       |    0.002508                       |           0                       |    0.003020                       |    0.001511                       |    0.005491                       |           0                       |    0.002623                       |           0                       |    0.008333                       |    0.003237                       |    0.002857                       |           0                       |    0.002531                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |    0.006365                       |    0.002642                       |           0                       |    0.002574                       |           0                       |    0.004358                       |    0.005695                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002541                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004922                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002471                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.875939                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8036197                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8036197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6138820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5509118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.742296                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          739508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12325476                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52692                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9906936                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44995                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12378168                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9951931                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22232412                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97687                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22330099                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4869272                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9740                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4879012                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4869272                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9740                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4879012                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112560404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17627972                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48054638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8036197                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6248626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              89939949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       161254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       231478                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320498                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4868597                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137977                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3939                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108806396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.808893                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.160808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92256426     84.79%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1691029      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1170632      1.08%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2672620      2.46%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1592625      1.46%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           731187      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1367325      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           864275      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6460277      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108806396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.426923                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10417754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86605045                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5838519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5566681                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82260054                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12511155                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49670816                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6485596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9006444                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30753988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       80846441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8006770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90381187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     184496184                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    117839066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      77894666                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34244869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7573195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10130871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2619562                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2159407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           78776652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       655222                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          81911778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12083398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62818                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108806396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.752821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.475341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76771961     70.56%     70.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12222141     11.23%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6439188      5.92%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4664126      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3475040      3.19%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3215270      2.96%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483867      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339253      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195550      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108806396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181158     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631782     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84560      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273024      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59095342     72.15%     72.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12464426     15.22%     87.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9998529     12.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       81911778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.727714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010957                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    273699767                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87256672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75773657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82536206                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2371057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2667                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5590207                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7122297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34292606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79431874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7573195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10130871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       646006                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         627334                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447805                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213949                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81334138                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12314635                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22236370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6471040                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9921735                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.722582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               75854050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              75773693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45846968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          75906537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673182                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834431                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       592404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107414518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.644785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84525044     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7966760      7.42%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4371004      4.07%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2456373      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2640989      2.46%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2082285      1.94%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480901      0.45%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482946      0.45%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2408216      2.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107414518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39665520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70585024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16029561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6418046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6089331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70210767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       660706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54318680     76.95%     77.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6418046      9.09%     86.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9611515     13.62%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70585024                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2408216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184351673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160237143                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3754008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39665520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70585024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.837739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.837739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.352393                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.352393                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120001218                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59051812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29736336                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24619489                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35361164                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10596060500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10596060499.999994                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408192                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.885918                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.177742                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.152952                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3395728     99.63%     99.63% |       11579      0.34%     99.97% |         541      0.02%     99.99% |         246      0.01%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408192                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039110                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.027498                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.991010                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.509399                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873356     71.14%     71.14% |     1165655     28.86%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039110                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25398                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.364163                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.889744                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.860306                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         777      3.06%      3.06% |        3486     13.73%     16.78% |       11482     45.21%     61.99% |        5102     20.09%     82.08% |        4138     16.29%     98.37% |         358      1.41%     99.78% |          49      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25398                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6136148                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.412686                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.118845                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.986190                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6121774     99.77%     99.77% |       11964      0.19%     99.96% |        1041      0.02%     99.98% |         723      0.01%     99.99% |         377      0.01%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6136148                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5332187                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000530                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000458                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023019                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5329360     99.95%     99.95% |        2827      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5332187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803961                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.588541                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    176.923124                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    131.334428                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      789587     98.21%     98.21% |       11964      1.49%     99.70% |        1041      0.13%     99.83% |         723      0.09%     99.92% |         377      0.05%     99.97% |         174      0.02%     99.99% |          75      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803961                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9678874                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.809868                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.363375                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.493110                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9490456     98.05%     98.05% |      166856      1.72%     99.78% |       18397      0.19%     99.97% |         225      0.00%     99.97% |        1273      0.01%     99.98% |        1481      0.02%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9678874                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9391227                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000178                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000154                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013354                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9389552     99.98%     99.98% |        1675      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9391227                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287647                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     164.838764                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.338329                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.217417                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       99229     34.50%     34.50% |      166856     58.01%     92.50% |       18397      6.40%     98.90% |         225      0.08%     98.98% |        1273      0.44%     99.42% |        1481      0.51%     99.94% |         180      0.06%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4862144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.094655                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.257456                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.727281                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4848491     99.72%     99.72% |       11216      0.23%     99.95% |        2181      0.04%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4862144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4737857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000459                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4737856    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4737857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.943526                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.154861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.975236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110634     89.01%     89.01% |       11216      9.02%     98.04% |        2181      1.75%     99.79% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          90      0.07%     99.90% |         108      0.09%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.752326                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.181271                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154294     98.73%     98.73% |        1524      0.98%     99.71% |         396      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146883     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.980578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.728438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.701626                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.64%     78.64% |        1524     16.44%     95.08% |         396      4.27%     99.35% |          19      0.21%     99.56% |          19      0.21%     99.76% |          15      0.16%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13452                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       589786                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63461                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   109031                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     7439                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108971                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7474                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108627                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7478                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7472                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  108927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8158                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7473                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    7444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108849                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    333                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    749                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    725                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   109                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   792                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    80                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   748                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   112                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   684                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   673                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   108                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    75                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     4181                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       10                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                      212                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                        2                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                        3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      11                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      23                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                       2                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      31                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                     168                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                     193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     198                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      10                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      22                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     258                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      10                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                       3                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  475643                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  208620                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  359163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  217741                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  118554                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  196309                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  316163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  190970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  107052                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 216406                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 369524                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 223892                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 119128                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31023269                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31154817                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31027762                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30936996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31038823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31204368                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31047386                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30947626                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31025701                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31189159                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31031506                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30935549                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31063975                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31199205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31069267                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30970107                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31045181                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31218751                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31056065                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108544                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53577                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3362                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53556                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107826                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107493                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6326                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53530                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3358                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6320                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53565                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3357                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107783                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107529                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6327                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53620                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108118                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6325                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                132                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                727                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                 94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                767                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 78                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                748                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                718                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 78                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               758                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                74                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               774                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                79                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               736                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               104                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                73                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               684                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                91                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               682                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                79                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               673                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                9015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4085                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1130                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4590                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               4083                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               201                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 757448                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8709361                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1125810                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8943894                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 699236                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8665849                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1088057                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9014967                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 681995                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8626716                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1134188                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8849440                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                696328                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8593932                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1109454                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8907748                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                677560                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8509788                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1147325                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8775603                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                695214                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8548382                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1166942                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8765949                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                670815                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9053792                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1110267                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9322244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                736421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               8893996                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1166792                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9096146                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                716758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                606585                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8625325                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1065297                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8856657                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                673687                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8583265                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1034381                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8929341                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                658644                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8542654                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1075289                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8762557                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               671264                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8511308                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1057183                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8822063                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               654392                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8425724                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1086961                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8688743                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               669878                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8465742                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1107104                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8680426                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               647363                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              8966512                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1043749                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9232107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               707385                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8808416                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1100364                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              9007564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               689228                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             271113                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             572195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             452841                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             576463                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              96195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             571023                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             408715                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             576458                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              94713                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            571065                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            455007                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577817                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             93803                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            571998                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            414184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577316                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             93183                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            571316                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            465309                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            577795                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             92244                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            570342                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            456030                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            577447                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             94913                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            574599                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            457314                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577062                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             98310                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            573503                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            493276                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            579887                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             96902                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               982796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               113579                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               116172                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               121086                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               102013                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               105405                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               108461                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113441                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              117289                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              121454                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101981                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              106198                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              108492                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              112844                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              116642                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              102276                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              105153                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108418                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              136653                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              141184                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              124977                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128874                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              132529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           606585                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8625325                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1065297                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8856657                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           673687                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8583265                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1034381                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8929341                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           658644                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8542654                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1075289                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8762557                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          671264                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8511308                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1057183                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8822063                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          654392                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8425724                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1086961                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8688743                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          669878                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8465742                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1107104                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8680426                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          647363                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         8966512                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1043749                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9232107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          707385                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8808416                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1100364                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         9007564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          689228                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263027                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        572195                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        433434                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        576463                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         95743                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        571023                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        389082                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        576458                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         94530                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       571065                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       441621                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577817                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        93457                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       571998                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       403211                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577316                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        92777                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       571316                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       452231                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       577795                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        92086                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       570342                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       440912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       577447                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        94523                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       574599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       435628                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577062                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        98088                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       573503                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       464076                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       579887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        96635                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          627543                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          113579                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          116172                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          120193                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          102013                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          105405                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          107657                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         117289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         120562                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101981                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         106198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         107688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         112844                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         116642                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119627                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         102276                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         105153                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107617                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         136653                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         141184                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142369                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         124977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128874                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         131548                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             756934                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8639617                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1065297                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8872077                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             688730                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8596105                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1034381                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8943145                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             672329                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8556972                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1075289                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8777628                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            686312                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8524188                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1057183                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8835931                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            667973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8440044                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1086961                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8703781                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            684929                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8478638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1107104                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8694132                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            661144                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           8984048                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1043749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9250432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            725460                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8824252                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1100364                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           9024319                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            705825                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               638                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1495                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               978                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1420                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               913                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1686                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1016                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1465                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              961                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1591                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1178                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1503                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              999                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1697                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1209                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1619                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1202                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98693160                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103171786                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         103973399                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108628563                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98693156                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103171782                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         103973395                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108628559                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98693162                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103171788                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        103973401                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108628565                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98693158                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103171784                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        103973397                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108628561                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98693167                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103171793                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        103973406                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108628570                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98693163                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103171789                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        103973402                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108628566                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98693179                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103171805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        103973418                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108628582                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98693175                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103171801                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        103973414                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108628578                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11025257                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15097808                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11189399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14885059                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10733765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15076909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11195597                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14862694                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10726267                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15047934                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11184999                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14839996                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10733242                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15041286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11193771                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14833222                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10722792                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15017278                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11190015                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14787286                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10733064                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15010527                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11176906                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14784172                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10718681                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15288978                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11200436                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15074631                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10752415                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15197469                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11194308                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14990041                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10742641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               735                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               109                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              746                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              104                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              802                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              790                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               77                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              732                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              108                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               70                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              668                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              676                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0              103                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               72                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4907                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              3874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             3923                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3919                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4401                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3376                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3830                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             39000                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             39100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2613                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            39058                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2967                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2553                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             2976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            49062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            38781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             2971                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47577                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39248                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48440                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2749                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          161463                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            2855                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           19247                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            2237                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1212                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            3622                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles           18363                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             759                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             697                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           4043                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          14937                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           2633                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           3466                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          14395                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            759                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1172                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           3300                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles          14419                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           2888                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           1064                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           3083                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles          14326                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles           2880                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1174                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           3652                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles          20986                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           2700                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1134                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           2403                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles          26931                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           2564                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1121                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216420     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868313                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56725     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219284     25.25%     25.25% |      216420     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62621     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242638                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154340     25.03%     25.03% |      154119     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216420     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216202     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868313                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56470     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154340     25.03%     25.03% |      154119     25.00%     50.03% |      154118     25.00%     75.03% |      153941     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219257     25.25%     25.25% |      216420     24.92%     50.18% |      216434     24.93%     75.10% |      216201     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868312                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56470     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4747943     77.36%     77.36% |          76      0.00%     77.37% |      181859      2.96%     80.33% |      172515      2.81%     83.14% |      172259      2.81%     85.95% |      172515      2.81%     88.76% |      172516      2.81%     91.57% |      172475      2.81%     94.38% |      172555      2.81%     97.19% |      172387      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6137100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4862210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4862210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9768877     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16644      0.17%     99.47% |        7489      0.08%     99.54% |        7489      0.08%     99.62% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.77% |        8001      0.08%     99.85% |        6977      0.07%     99.92% |        7489      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9837944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15718     73.20%     73.20% |          71      0.33%     73.53% |        2317     10.79%     84.32% |         486      2.26%     86.58% |         479      2.23%     88.81% |         478      2.23%     91.04% |         484      2.25%     93.29% |         506      2.36%     95.65% |         449      2.09%     97.74% |         485      2.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561706     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96181      7.90%     54.06% |       79879      6.56%     60.62% |       79863      6.56%     67.18% |       79871      6.56%     73.75% |       79865      6.56%     80.31% |       80091      6.58%     86.89% |       79700      6.55%     93.44% |       79871      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         135     13.72%     14.43% |         134     13.62%     28.05% |         134     13.62%     41.67% |         134     13.62%     55.28% |         142     14.43%     69.72% |         165     16.77%     86.48% |         133     13.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          77      2.62%      3.20% |         403     13.70%     16.90% |         404     13.74%     30.64% |         407     13.84%     44.47% |         411     13.97%     58.45% |         435     14.79%     73.24% |         375     12.75%     85.99% |         412     14.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     85.14%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           5      6.76%     91.89% |           4      5.41%     97.30% |           2      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154470     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79718      9.99%     40.08% |       79724      9.99%     50.06% |       79734      9.99%     60.05% |       79727      9.99%     70.04% |       79915     10.01%     80.05% |       79534      9.96%     90.01% |       79726      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2272     77.25%     77.73% |         104      3.54%     81.26% |          91      3.09%     84.36% |          89      3.03%     87.39% |          87      2.96%     90.34% |         101      3.43%     93.78% |          95      3.23%     97.01% |          88      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411000     97.00%     97.00% |           0      0.00%     97.00% |        8685      2.05%     99.05% |         578      0.14%     99.18% |         569      0.13%     99.32% |         569      0.13%     99.45% |         572      0.13%     99.59% |         591      0.14%     99.72% |         589      0.14%     99.86% |         578      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.10%     37.10% |          17      9.14%     46.24% |          16      8.60%     54.84% |          15      8.06%     62.90% |          16      8.60%     71.51% |          19     10.22%     81.72% |          18      9.68%     91.40% |          16      8.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.21%      9.21% |           0      0.00%      9.21% |          79     34.65%     43.86% |          17      7.46%     51.32% |          16      7.02%     58.33% |          15      6.58%     64.91% |          16      7.02%     71.93% |          24     10.53%     82.46% |          22      9.65%     92.11% |          18      7.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438217     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93595      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.31% |       79005      7.28%     63.59% |       79012      7.28%     70.87% |       79000      7.28%     78.15% |       79192      7.30%     85.45% |       78792      7.26%     92.72% |       79005      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153619     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88205     10.99%     30.14% |       80080      9.98%     40.12% |       80066      9.98%     50.10% |       80072      9.98%     60.08% |       80068      9.98%     70.06% |       80261     10.00%     80.06% |       79925      9.96%     90.02% |       80070      9.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286062     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.47% |         311      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.68% |         342      0.12%     99.80% |         287      0.10%     99.89% |         313      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11275     67.35%     67.35% |           0      0.00%     67.35% |        2295     13.71%     81.06% |         457      2.73%     83.79% |         454      2.71%     86.50% |         451      2.69%     89.19% |         455      2.72%     91.91% |         477      2.85%     94.76% |         421      2.51%     97.28% |         456      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1448     92.94%     92.94% |          38      2.44%     95.38% |           9      0.58%     95.96% |           9      0.58%     96.53% |           9      0.58%     97.11% |           9      0.58%     97.69% |           9      0.58%     98.27% |           9      0.58%     98.84% |           9      0.58%     99.42% |           9      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1357    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         821     42.67%     42.67% |           0      0.00%     42.67% |          17      0.88%     43.56% |         152      7.90%     51.46% |         147      7.64%     59.10% |         149      7.74%     66.84% |         151      7.85%     74.69% |         159      8.26%     82.95% |         180      9.36%     92.31% |         148      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87853     12.36%     14.08% |       87473     12.30%     26.38% |       87197     12.26%     38.64% |       87048     12.24%     50.89% |       87472     12.30%     63.19% |       87184     12.26%     75.45% |       87216     12.27%     87.72% |       87345     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4737857    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4737857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.64%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |          16     10.39%     24.03% |          17     11.04%     35.06% |          16     10.39%     45.45% |          15      9.74%     55.19% |          16     10.39%     65.58% |          19     12.34%     77.92% |          18     11.69%     89.61% |          16     10.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2213     90.51%     90.51% |          14      0.57%     91.08% |          22      0.90%     91.98% |          29      1.19%     93.17% |          25      1.02%     94.19% |          27      1.10%     95.30% |          29      1.19%     96.48% |          29      1.19%     97.67% |          28      1.15%     98.81% |          29      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122551     94.15%     94.15% |           0      0.00%     94.15% |        2569      1.97%     96.12% |         726      0.56%     96.68% |         711      0.55%     97.23% |         710      0.55%     97.77% |         714      0.55%     98.32% |         740      0.57%     98.89% |         728      0.56%     99.45% |         718      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595842     97.57%     97.57% |           0      0.00%     97.57% |        5567      0.34%     97.91% |        4729      0.29%     98.20% |        4763      0.29%     98.49% |        5161      0.32%     98.81% |        4742      0.29%     99.10% |        4797      0.29%     99.39% |        5180      0.32%     99.71% |        4738      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1635519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25206     50.75%     50.75% |           0      0.00%     50.75% |        3074      6.19%     56.93% |        3057      6.15%     63.09% |        3059      6.16%     69.25% |        3059      6.16%     75.41% |        3059      6.16%     81.56% |        3056      6.15%     87.72% |        3047      6.13%     93.85% |        3054      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1930     97.13%     97.13% |          57      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127214     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82419     11.08%     28.18% |       76337     10.26%     38.44% |       76341     10.26%     48.70% |       76348     10.26%     58.97% |       76342     10.26%     69.23% |       76507     10.28%     79.51% |       76065     10.22%     89.74% |       76341     10.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         126     13.79%     13.79% |         126     13.79%     27.57% |         126     13.79%     41.36% |         126     13.79%     55.14% |         126     13.79%     68.93% |         158     17.29%     86.21% |         126     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.49%      0.65% |          63     10.28%     10.93% |          72     11.75%     22.68% |          72     11.75%     34.42% |          75     12.23%     46.66% |          74     12.07%     58.73% |         100     16.31%     75.04% |          74     12.07%     87.11% |          79     12.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2983839     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2985635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9456042     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        5066      0.05%     99.70% |        4104      0.04%     99.74% |        4105      0.04%     99.78% |        4104      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.87% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3624      0.04%     99.96% |        4104      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9489838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311003     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2664      0.78%     95.29% |        2664      0.78%     96.07% |        2664      0.78%     96.85% |        2658      0.78%     97.63% |        2685      0.79%     98.42% |        2727      0.80%     99.22% |        2664      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.00%     10.00% |           9     12.86%     22.86% |           8     11.43%     34.29% |           8     11.43%     45.71% |           8     11.43%     57.14% |          16     22.86%     80.00% |           7     10.00%     90.00% |           7     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         331     14.22%     15.38% |         331     14.22%     29.61% |         332     14.27%     43.88% |         337     14.48%     58.36% |         335     14.40%     72.75% |         301     12.94%     85.69% |         333     14.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154470     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85682     10.73%     30.09% |       79718      9.99%     40.08% |       79724      9.99%     50.06% |       79734      9.99%     60.05% |       79727      9.99%     70.04% |       79915     10.01%     80.05% |       79534      9.96%     90.01% |       79726      9.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2272     77.25%     77.73% |         104      3.54%     81.26% |          91      3.09%     84.36% |          89      3.03%     87.39% |          87      2.96%     90.34% |         101      3.43%     93.78% |          95      3.23%     97.01% |          88      2.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124882     98.32%     98.32% |           0      0.00%     98.32% |         260      0.20%     98.53% |         267      0.21%     98.74% |         260      0.20%     98.94% |         258      0.20%     99.14% |         263      0.21%     99.35% |         254      0.20%     99.55% |         305      0.24%     99.79% |         265      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     85.14%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           0      0.00%     85.14% |           5      6.76%     91.89% |           4      5.41%     97.30% |           2      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286118     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8425      2.84%     99.27% |         311      0.10%     99.37% |         309      0.10%     99.48% |         311      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         337      0.11%     99.80% |         284      0.10%     99.89% |         313      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          68     36.76%     36.76% |          17      9.19%     45.95% |          16      8.65%     54.59% |          15      8.11%     62.70% |          16      8.65%     71.35% |          19     10.27%     81.62% |          18      9.73%     91.35% |          16      8.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.21%      9.21% |           0      0.00%      9.21% |          79     34.65%     43.86% |          17      7.46%     51.32% |          16      7.02%     58.33% |          15      6.58%     64.91% |          16      7.02%     71.93% |          24     10.53%     82.46% |          22      9.65%     92.11% |          18      7.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         950     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438217     40.40%     40.40% |           0      0.00%     40.40% |       93595      8.63%     49.02% |       79001      7.28%     56.31% |       79004      7.28%     63.59% |       79012      7.28%     70.87% |       79000      7.28%     78.15% |       79192      7.30%     85.45% |       78792      7.26%     92.72% |       79005      7.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3860      3.10%      3.10% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3269      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3911      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.72% |        3492      2.81%     39.53% |        4353      3.50%     43.03% |        3904      3.14%     46.17% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4189      3.37%     55.92% |        3559      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3726      3.00%     66.89% |        3545      2.85%     69.75% |        3419      2.75%     72.50% |        3649      2.94%     75.43% |        3755      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4744      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5246      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4465      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64990      8.08%      8.08% |       24834      3.09%     11.17% |       23705      2.95%     14.12% |       24439      3.04%     17.16% |       23821      2.96%     20.12% |       23530      2.93%     23.05% |       23089      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.80% |       24582      3.06%     31.86% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24509      3.05%     40.97% |       23551      2.93%     43.90% |       23280      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.52% |       25148      3.13%     55.64% |       23719      2.95%     58.59% |       23913      2.97%     61.57% |       23899      2.97%     64.54% |       23670      2.94%     67.48% |       23621      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24410      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22898      2.85%     87.97% |       23520      2.93%     90.89% |       23069      2.87%     93.76% |       23844      2.97%     96.73% |       26301      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804015                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14712      4.96%      4.96% |        8838      2.98%      7.93% |        9240      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9388      3.16%     17.14% |        8835      2.98%     20.11% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.21% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.14%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.48% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.81% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         135     87.66%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           1      0.65%     88.31% |           1      0.65%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           2      1.30%     90.26% |           1      0.65%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           7      4.55%     95.45% |           1      0.65%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           1      0.65%     96.75% |           0      0.00%     96.75% |           2      1.30%     98.05% |           1      0.65%     98.70% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76715      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33980      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35245      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9272      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19497      3.16%      3.16% |       19289      3.13%      6.29% |       19346      3.14%      9.43% |       19277      3.13%     12.55% |       19296      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19236      3.12%     21.92% |       19249      3.12%     25.04% |       19262      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19321      3.13%     34.43% |       19255      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19283      3.13%     43.81% |       19272      3.12%     46.93% |       19245      3.12%     50.05% |       19266      3.12%     53.17% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19247      3.12%     59.42% |       19215      3.12%     62.54% |       19239      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19232      3.12%     71.89% |       19228      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19290      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19225      3.12%     87.51% |       19248      3.12%     90.63% |       19253      3.12%     93.75% |       19244      3.12%     96.87% |       19288      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29885      3.44%      3.44% |       27066      3.12%      6.56% |       27137      3.13%      9.68% |       27058      3.12%     12.80% |       27057      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27019      3.11%     22.14% |       27022      3.11%     25.25% |       27052      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27115      3.12%     34.61% |       27047      3.11%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27062      3.12%     43.96% |       27047      3.11%     47.07% |       27021      3.11%     50.19% |       27066      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27039      3.11%     59.53% |       26995      3.11%     62.64% |       27017      3.11%     65.75% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27016      3.11%     71.98% |       27008      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27074      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       26998      3.11%     87.55% |       27029      3.11%     90.66% |       27019      3.11%     93.77% |       27009      3.11%     96.88% |       27052      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868312                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28861      3.45%      3.45% |       26042      3.12%      6.57% |       26113      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26023      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26042      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26015      3.11%     59.54% |       25971      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25984      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25974      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25995      3.11%     93.77% |       25985      3.11%     96.88% |       26028      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         237      9.02%      9.02% |          78      2.97%     11.99% |          84      3.20%     15.18% |          84      3.20%     18.38% |          95      3.61%     21.99% |          92      3.50%     25.49% |          72      2.74%     28.23% |          76      2.89%     31.13% |          80      3.04%     34.17% |          74      2.82%     36.99% |          78      2.97%     39.95% |          73      2.78%     42.73% |          78      2.97%     45.70% |          70      2.66%     48.36% |          72      2.74%     51.10% |          70      2.66%     53.77% |          71      2.70%     56.47% |          75      2.85%     59.32% |          77      2.93%     62.25% |          74      2.82%     65.07% |          71      2.70%     67.77% |          77      2.93%     70.70% |          74      2.82%     73.52% |          73      2.78%     76.29% |          74      2.82%     79.11% |          78      2.97%     82.08% |          78      2.97%     85.05% |          79      3.01%     88.05% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.06% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.74%     96.74% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         504     18.10%     18.10% |          94      3.38%     21.48% |          90      3.23%     24.71% |          90      3.23%     27.95% |          69      2.48%     30.42% |          69      2.48%     32.90% |          69      2.48%     35.38% |          69      2.48%     37.86% |          69      2.48%     40.34% |          69      2.48%     42.82% |          69      2.48%     45.29% |          69      2.48%     47.77% |          72      2.59%     50.36% |          69      2.48%     52.84% |          70      2.51%     55.35% |          69      2.48%     57.83% |          69      2.48%     60.31% |          90      3.23%     63.54% |          91      3.27%     66.81% |          91      3.27%     70.08% |          69      2.48%     72.56% |          69      2.48%     75.04% |          71      2.55%     77.59% |          69      2.48%     80.06% |          69      2.48%     82.54% |          70      2.51%     85.06% |          69      2.48%     87.54% |          69      2.48%     90.01% |          71      2.55%     92.56% |          69      2.48%     95.04% |          69      2.48%     97.52% |          69      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1057      5.83%      5.83% |         529      2.92%      8.75% |         547      3.02%     11.77% |         528      2.91%     14.68% |         542      2.99%     17.67% |         534      2.95%     20.61% |         523      2.88%     23.50% |         539      2.97%     26.47% |         549      3.03%     29.50% |         539      2.97%     32.47% |         579      3.19%     35.67% |         558      3.08%     38.74% |         586      3.23%     41.98% |         579      3.19%     45.17% |         563      3.11%     48.28% |         562      3.10%     51.38% |         574      3.17%     54.54% |         583      3.22%     57.76% |         544      3.00%     60.76% |         524      2.89%     63.65% |         534      2.95%     66.59% |         545      3.01%     69.60% |         532      2.93%     72.54% |         539      2.97%     75.51% |         565      3.12%     78.63% |         564      3.11%     81.74% |         557      3.07%     84.81% |         541      2.98%     87.79% |         536      2.96%     90.75% |         554      3.06%     93.81% |         543      3.00%     96.80% |         580      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         769     26.15%     26.15% |          75      2.55%     28.70% |          72      2.45%     31.15% |          72      2.45%     33.59% |          69      2.35%     35.94% |          69      2.35%     38.29% |          69      2.35%     40.63% |          69      2.35%     42.98% |          69      2.35%     45.32% |          69      2.35%     47.67% |          69      2.35%     50.02% |          69      2.35%     52.36% |          73      2.48%     54.85% |          69      2.35%     57.19% |          70      2.38%     59.57% |          69      2.35%     61.92% |          70      2.38%     64.30% |          72      2.45%     66.75% |          73      2.48%     69.23% |          72      2.45%     71.68% |          69      2.35%     74.02% |          69      2.35%     76.37% |          71      2.41%     78.78% |          69      2.35%     81.13% |          69      2.35%     83.48% |          70      2.38%     85.86% |          69      2.35%     88.20% |          69      2.35%     90.55% |          71      2.41%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77858      7.11%      7.11% |       33393      3.05%     10.16% |       32690      2.98%     13.14% |       32860      3.00%     16.14% |       33107      3.02%     19.17% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31959      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33954      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34303      3.13%     37.09% |       33123      3.02%     40.11% |       32699      2.99%     43.10% |       31744      2.90%     46.00% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34276      3.13%     54.92% |       32114      2.93%     57.85% |       32975      3.01%     60.86% |       32542      2.97%     63.83% |       33032      3.02%     66.85% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31818      2.91%     87.68% |       33170      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35579      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         433      3.20%      3.20% |         386      2.85%      6.05% |         412      3.04%      9.09% |         403      2.98%     12.07% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         397      2.93%     18.12% |         400      2.95%     21.08% |         417      3.08%     24.16% |         407      3.01%     27.16% |         414      3.06%     30.22% |         430      3.18%     33.40% |         428      3.16%     36.56% |         460      3.40%     39.96% |         449      3.32%     43.27% |         431      3.18%     46.46% |         439      3.24%     49.70% |         444      3.28%     52.98% |         450      3.32%     56.30% |         420      3.10%     59.41% |         397      2.93%     62.34% |         404      2.98%     65.32% |         426      3.15%     68.47% |         407      3.01%     71.48% |         415      3.07%     74.54% |         440      3.25%     77.79% |         443      3.27%     81.07% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         422      3.12%     87.47% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         416      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23443      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20784      3.13%      9.78% |       20705      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.01% |       20686      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.46% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20670      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20676      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20661      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20685      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20634      3.10%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20637      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20705      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3127      2.83%     58.71% |        2866      2.59%     61.30% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110648                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1205     44.43%     44.43% |         198      7.30%     51.73% |         176      6.49%     58.22% |         183      6.75%     64.97% |          14      0.52%     65.49% |         248      9.14%     74.63% |          14      0.52%     75.15% |           5      0.18%     75.33% |           3      0.11%     75.44% |           1      0.04%     75.48% |          16      0.59%     76.07% |           4      0.15%     76.22% |           1      0.04%     76.25% |           1      0.04%     76.29% |          39      1.44%     77.73% |          16      0.59%     78.32% |           9      0.33%     78.65% |         154      5.68%     84.33% |         207      7.63%     91.96% |         158      5.83%     97.79% |           1      0.04%     97.82% |          15      0.55%     98.38% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.82% |           5      0.18%     99.00% |           1      0.04%     99.04% |           2      0.07%     99.12% |           8      0.29%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.59% |           3      0.11%     99.71% |           8      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          77     71.96%     71.96% |           6      5.61%     77.57% |           2      1.87%     79.44% |           5      4.67%     84.11% |           0      0.00%     84.11% |           1      0.93%     85.05% |           1      0.93%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           0      0.00%     85.98% |           1      0.93%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           0      0.00%     86.92% |           5      4.67%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           0      0.00%     91.59% |           3      2.80%     94.39% |           1      0.93%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           0      0.00%     95.33% |           1      0.93%     96.26% |           0      0.00%     96.26% |           1      0.93%     97.20% |           1      0.93%     98.13% |           2      1.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          107                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         135     87.66%     87.66% |           0      0.00%     87.66% |           1      0.65%     88.31% |           1      0.65%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           0      0.00%     88.96% |           2      1.30%     90.26% |           1      0.65%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           7      4.55%     95.45% |           1      0.65%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           0      0.00%     96.10% |           1      0.65%     96.75% |           0      0.00%     96.75% |           2      1.30%     98.05% |           1      0.65%     98.70% |           1      0.65%     99.35% |           1      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         885      6.36%      6.36% |         387      2.78%      9.13% |         411      2.95%     12.09% |         402      2.89%     14.97% |         421      3.02%     18.00% |         399      2.87%     20.86% |         401      2.88%     23.74% |         415      2.98%     26.72% |         403      2.89%     29.62% |         410      2.94%     32.56% |         430      3.09%     35.65% |         429      3.08%     38.73% |         455      3.27%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.20% |         428      3.07%     48.27% |         434      3.12%     51.39% |         442      3.17%     54.56% |         449      3.22%     57.79% |         421      3.02%     60.81% |         398      2.86%     63.67% |         403      2.89%     66.56% |         423      3.04%     69.60% |         402      2.89%     72.49% |         410      2.94%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.98% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         414      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13925                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39569     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.31% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3813      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2439      1.82%     63.04% |        4393      3.29%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2930      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3651      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.75% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5519      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8541      8.10%      8.10% |        2870      2.72%     10.82% |        3268      3.10%     13.91% |        2698      2.56%     16.47% |        3400      3.22%     19.69% |        2858      2.71%     22.40% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.03% |        2786      2.64%     33.67% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.41% |        3249      3.08%     42.49% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.85% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.37% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.22% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105501                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9226      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.71% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.07% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215649                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18481      3.08%      3.08% |       18831      3.13%      6.21% |       18859      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18784      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18775      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.75% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18757      3.12%     50.00% |       18762      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18775      3.13%     65.63% |       18750      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18791      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18786      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         769     26.15%     26.15% |          75      2.55%     28.70% |          72      2.45%     31.15% |          72      2.45%     33.59% |          69      2.35%     35.94% |          69      2.35%     38.29% |          69      2.35%     40.63% |          69      2.35%     42.98% |          69      2.35%     45.32% |          69      2.35%     47.67% |          69      2.35%     50.02% |          69      2.35%     52.36% |          73      2.48%     54.85% |          69      2.35%     57.19% |          70      2.38%     59.57% |          69      2.35%     61.92% |          70      2.38%     64.30% |          72      2.45%     66.75% |          73      2.48%     69.23% |          72      2.45%     71.68% |          69      2.35%     74.02% |          69      2.35%     76.37% |          71      2.41%     78.78% |          69      2.35%     81.13% |          69      2.35%     83.48% |          70      2.38%     85.86% |          69      2.35%     88.20% |          69      2.35%     90.55% |          71      2.41%     92.96% |          69      2.35%     95.31% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          85      8.64%      8.64% |          29      2.95%     11.59% |          29      2.95%     14.53% |          29      2.95%     17.48% |          29      2.95%     20.43% |          29      2.95%     23.37% |          29      2.95%     26.32% |          29      2.95%     29.27% |          29      2.95%     32.22% |          29      2.95%     35.16% |          29      2.95%     38.11% |          29      2.95%     41.06% |          29      2.95%     44.00% |          29      2.95%     46.95% |          29      2.95%     49.90% |          29      2.95%     52.85% |          29      2.95%     55.79% |          29      2.95%     58.74% |          29      2.95%     61.69% |          29      2.95%     64.63% |          29      2.95%     67.58% |          29      2.95%     70.53% |          29      2.95%     73.48% |          29      2.95%     76.42% |          29      2.95%     79.37% |          29      2.95%     82.32% |          29      2.95%     85.26% |          29      2.95%     88.21% |          29      2.95%     91.16% |          29      2.95%     94.11% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76714      7.07%      7.07% |       33081      3.05%     10.12% |       32373      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33635      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33980      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35245      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         131      6.23%      6.23% |          71      3.37%      9.60% |          76      3.61%     13.21% |          67      3.18%     16.40% |          75      3.56%     19.96% |          81      3.85%     23.81% |          51      2.42%     26.24% |          59      2.80%     29.04% |          84      3.99%     33.03% |          63      2.99%     36.03% |          86      4.09%     40.11% |          62      2.95%     43.06% |          60      2.85%     45.91% |          63      2.99%     48.91% |          63      2.99%     51.90% |          54      2.57%     54.47% |          62      2.95%     57.41% |          68      3.23%     60.65% |          57      2.71%     63.36% |          56      2.66%     66.02% |          61      2.90%     68.92% |          56      2.66%     71.58% |          58      2.76%     74.33% |          57      2.71%     77.04% |          58      2.76%     79.80% |          60      2.85%     82.65% |          52      2.47%     85.12% |          57      2.71%     87.83% |          54      2.57%     90.40% |          55      2.61%     93.01% |          59      2.80%     95.82% |          88      4.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           8     26.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |          13     43.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           30                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28861      3.45%      3.45% |       26042      3.12%      6.57% |       26113      3.13%      9.70% |       26034      3.12%     12.81% |       26033      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25995      3.11%     22.15% |       25998      3.11%     25.26% |       26028      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26091      3.12%     34.62% |       26023      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26038      3.12%     43.97% |       26023      3.11%     47.08% |       25997      3.11%     50.19% |       26042      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26015      3.11%     59.54% |       25971      3.11%     62.65% |       25993      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25984      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26050      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25974      3.11%     87.55% |       26005      3.11%     90.66% |       25995      3.11%     93.77% |       25985      3.11%     96.88% |       26028      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     36.36%     36.36% |           7     63.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      2.43%      2.43% |           5      2.43%      4.85% |          12      5.83%     10.68% |          14      6.80%     17.48% |          25     12.14%     29.61% |          22     10.68%     40.29% |           1      0.49%     40.78% |           7      3.40%     44.17% |          10      4.85%     49.03% |           5      2.43%     51.46% |           8      3.88%     55.34% |           3      1.46%     56.80% |           4      1.94%     58.74% |           1      0.49%     59.22% |           2      0.97%     60.19% |           1      0.49%     60.68% |           2      0.97%     61.65% |           6      2.91%     64.56% |           6      2.91%     67.48% |           4      1.94%     69.42% |           2      0.97%     70.39% |           6      2.91%     73.30% |           2      0.97%     74.27% |           2      0.97%     75.24% |           4      1.94%     77.18% |           7      3.40%     80.58% |           7      3.40%     83.98% |           8      3.88%     87.86% |           6      2.91%     90.78% |           6      2.91%     93.69% |          11      5.34%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         126      6.64%      6.64% |          66      3.48%     10.12% |          64      3.37%     13.49% |          53      2.79%     16.28% |          50      2.63%     18.91% |          59      3.11%     22.02% |          50      2.63%     24.66% |          52      2.74%     27.40% |          74      3.90%     31.30% |          58      3.06%     34.35% |          78      4.11%     38.46% |          59      3.11%     41.57% |          56      2.95%     44.52% |          62      3.27%     47.79% |          61      3.21%     51.00% |          53      2.79%     53.79% |          60      3.16%     56.95% |          62      3.27%     60.22% |          51      2.69%     62.91% |          52      2.74%     65.65% |          59      3.11%     68.76% |          50      2.63%     71.39% |          56      2.95%     74.34% |          55      2.90%     77.24% |          54      2.85%     80.08% |          53      2.79%     82.88% |          45      2.37%     85.25% |          49      2.58%     87.83% |          48      2.53%     90.36% |          49      2.58%     92.94% |          48      2.53%     95.47% |          86      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         455     80.96%     80.96% |          23      4.09%     85.05% |          21      3.74%     88.79% |          21      3.74%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |           0      0.00%     92.53% |          14      2.49%     95.02% |          14      2.49%     97.51% |          14      2.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         885      6.36%      6.36% |         387      2.78%      9.13% |         411      2.95%     12.09% |         402      2.89%     14.97% |         421      3.02%     18.00% |         399      2.87%     20.86% |         401      2.88%     23.74% |         415      2.98%     26.72% |         403      2.89%     29.62% |         410      2.94%     32.56% |         430      3.09%     35.65% |         429      3.08%     38.73% |         455      3.27%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.20% |         428      3.07%     48.27% |         434      3.12%     51.39% |         442      3.17%     54.56% |         449      3.22%     57.79% |         421      3.02%     60.81% |         398      2.86%     63.67% |         403      2.89%     66.56% |         423      3.04%     69.60% |         402      2.89%     72.49% |         410      2.94%     75.43% |         437      3.14%     78.57% |         439      3.15%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.89% |         420      3.02%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.98% |         424      3.04%     97.03% |         414      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13925                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23442      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20783      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20689      3.11%     16.00% |       20686      3.11%     19.12% |       20679      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20696      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20756      3.12%     34.70% |       20670      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20679      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20650      3.11%     50.25% |       20676      3.11%     53.36% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20672      3.11%     59.58% |       20661      3.11%     62.69% |       20670      3.11%     65.80% |       20650      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20685      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20634      3.10%     87.56% |       20673      3.11%     90.68% |       20637      3.11%     93.78% |       20626      3.10%     96.88% |       20705      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         434      3.21%      3.21% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         413      3.05%      9.11% |         404      2.98%     12.09% |         422      3.12%     15.21% |         397      2.93%     18.14% |         400      2.95%     21.09% |         417      3.08%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.18% |         414      3.06%     30.24% |         430      3.18%     33.41% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         460      3.40%     39.97% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         431      3.18%     46.47% |         439      3.24%     49.72% |         444      3.28%     53.00% |         450      3.32%     56.32% |         420      3.10%     59.42% |         397      2.93%     62.35% |         404      2.98%     65.34% |         426      3.15%     68.48% |         407      3.01%     71.49% |         415      3.07%     74.55% |         440      3.25%     77.80% |         443      3.27%     81.08% |         445      3.29%     84.36% |         421      3.11%     87.47% |         415      3.07%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         429      3.17%     96.93% |         416      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.66% |        5944      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.90% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190199                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         212     81.23%     81.23% |           6      2.30%     83.52% |           3      1.15%     84.67% |           6      2.30%     86.97% |           0      0.00%     86.97% |           1      0.38%     87.36% |           1      0.38%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           0      0.00%     87.74% |           1      0.38%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           0      0.00%     88.12% |           5      1.92%     90.04% |           0      0.00%     90.04% |           2      0.77%     90.80% |           1      0.38%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |           0      0.00%     91.19% |          10      3.83%     95.02% |           2      0.77%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           0      0.00%     95.79% |           1      0.38%     96.17% |           0      0.00%     96.17% |           2      0.77%     96.93% |           1      0.38%     97.32% |           4      1.53%     98.85% |           1      0.38%     99.23% |           1      0.38%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          261                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     33.33%     58.33% |           5     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77646      7.09%      7.09% |       33387      3.05%     10.14% |       32687      2.99%     13.13% |       32854      3.00%     16.13% |       33107      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31958      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33954      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34303      3.13%     37.07% |       33123      3.02%     40.10% |       32694      2.99%     43.09% |       31744      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34276      3.13%     54.91% |       32114      2.93%     57.84% |       32965      3.01%     60.85% |       32540      2.97%     63.82% |       33032      3.02%     66.84% |       32475      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31817      2.91%     87.68% |       33166      3.03%     90.71% |       31906      2.91%     93.62% |       34282      3.13%     96.75% |       35578      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           6     30.00%     55.00% |           4     20.00%     75.00% |           5     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         176      7.62%      7.62% |          71      3.07%     10.69% |          68      2.94%     13.63% |          61      2.64%     16.27% |          69      2.99%     19.26% |          69      2.99%     22.24% |          69      2.99%     25.23% |          69      2.99%     28.21% |          69      2.99%     31.20% |          69      2.99%     34.18% |          68      2.94%     37.13% |          67      2.90%     40.03% |          73      3.16%     43.18% |          69      2.99%     46.17% |          69      2.99%     49.16% |          69      2.99%     52.14% |          69      2.99%     55.13% |          69      2.99%     58.11% |          70      3.03%     61.14% |          69      2.99%     64.13% |          69      2.99%     67.11% |          69      2.99%     70.10% |          71      3.07%     73.17% |          69      2.99%     76.16% |          69      2.99%     79.14% |          69      2.99%     82.13% |          69      2.99%     85.11% |          69      2.99%     88.10% |          71      3.07%     91.17% |          66      2.86%     94.03% |          69      2.99%     97.01% |          69      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2311                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         593     96.74%     96.74% |           4      0.65%     97.39% |           3      0.49%     97.88% |           3      0.49%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           0      0.00%     98.37% |           1      0.16%     98.53% |           0      0.00%     98.53% |           1      0.16%     98.69% |           3      0.49%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           8     47.06%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           2     11.76%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           1      5.88%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           8     47.06%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           2     11.76%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           0      0.00%     76.47% |           1      5.88%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         769     26.30%     26.30% |          75      2.56%     28.86% |          71      2.43%     31.29% |          64      2.19%     33.48% |          69      2.36%     35.84% |          69      2.36%     38.20% |          69      2.36%     40.56% |          69      2.36%     42.92% |          69      2.36%     45.28% |          69      2.36%     47.64% |          68      2.33%     49.97% |          67      2.29%     52.26% |          73      2.50%     54.75% |          69      2.36%     57.11% |          70      2.39%     59.51% |          69      2.36%     61.87% |          70      2.39%     64.26% |          72      2.46%     66.72% |          73      2.50%     69.22% |          71      2.43%     71.65% |          69      2.36%     74.01% |          69      2.36%     76.37% |          71      2.43%     78.80% |          69      2.36%     81.16% |          69      2.36%     83.52% |          69      2.36%     85.88% |          69      2.36%     88.24% |          69      2.36%     90.60% |          71      2.43%     93.02% |          66      2.26%     95.28% |          69      2.36%     97.64% |          69      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2924                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76923      4.31%      4.31% |      892177     50.00%     54.31% |      109326      6.13%     60.44% |      102593      5.75%     66.19% |      101142      5.67%     71.86% |      102859      5.76%     77.62% |      100963      5.66%     83.28% |      103022      5.77%     89.05% |       96908      5.43%     94.48% |       98441      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1784354                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76923      4.31%      4.31% |      892177     50.00%     54.31% |      109326      6.13%     60.44% |      102593      5.75%     66.19% |      101142      5.67%     71.86% |      102859      5.76%     77.62% |      100963      5.66%     83.28% |      103022      5.77%     89.05% |       96908      5.43%     94.48% |       98441      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1784354                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76923      4.31%      4.31% |      892177     50.00%     54.31% |      109326      6.13%     60.44% |      102593      5.75%     66.19% |      101142      5.67%     71.86% |      102859      5.76%     77.62% |      100963      5.66%     83.28% |      103022      5.77%     89.05% |       96908      5.43%     94.48% |       98441      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1784354                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76923      4.31%      4.31% |      892177     50.00%     54.31% |      109326      6.13%     60.44% |      102593      5.75%     66.19% |      101142      5.67%     71.86% |      102859      5.76%     77.62% |      100963      5.66%     83.28% |      103022      5.77%     89.05% |       96908      5.43%     94.48% |       98441      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1784354                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
