
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119588                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119587600500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295755679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43865                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96108440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6264288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1244.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54581743                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96672264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42171584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42171584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19911232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19911232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       658931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             658931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       311113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            311113                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    352641777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            352641777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    166499135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           166499135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    519140912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           519140912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     658931                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    311113                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   658931                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  311113                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42152448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  19136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19911040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42171584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19911232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   299                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            40743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    61661                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    12564                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119586938500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               658931                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              311113                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 177842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  23273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  22187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  23148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  23053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  21944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 19091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 17835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 14335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  8842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  6635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  5896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 67276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  49808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  53763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  22875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       313213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   198.147382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   151.710627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   150.383391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       104531     33.37%     33.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97205     31.03%     64.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72933     23.29%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18998      6.07%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14301      4.57%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2711      0.87%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1307      0.42%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          802      0.26%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          425      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       313213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.147896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.406682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46268     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          214      0.46%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           49      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           11      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.682921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.166258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.192635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36076     77.49%     77.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5208     11.19%     88.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2822      6.06%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2447      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 74280411718                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            86629761718                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3293160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   112779.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              131529.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      352.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      166.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   352.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   166.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  486448                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 170069                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    123279.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20215831750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3993080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95372595000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1189649160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1178074800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              649114125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              642798750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2573539800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2563345200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1009946880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1005948720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49279993245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48808110195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28520832000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28934764500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91033539690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          90943506645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.267792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.514891                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19369024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19369024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       650415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             650415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       302641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            302641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    348084248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            348084248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    161965153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           161965153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    510049401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           510049401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     650415                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    302641                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   650415                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  302641                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41607232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  19328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19369024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41626560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19369024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           39994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           40972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           18953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    56065                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    12063                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119586686500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               650415                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              302641                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  21754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  22122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  23375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  23302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 18240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 17145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 13460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 12567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  5645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 61294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  51003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  22042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       299148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.829222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.980932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.658336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97362     32.55%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89680     29.98%     62.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73214     24.47%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19181      6.41%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14391      4.81%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2717      0.91%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1352      0.45%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          842      0.28%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          409      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       299148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.436347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.627577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44753     99.38%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          218      0.48%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           37      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.720427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.198967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.202041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34500     76.61%     76.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5386     11.96%     88.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2772      6.16%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2375      5.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 72079190667                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            84268809417                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3250565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   110871.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              129621.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      347.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      161.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   348.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   161.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  483634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 169961                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               56.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    125477.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20708367750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3993080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94880215750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1139360040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1122093000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              621674625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              612253125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2541809400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2528767800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            983320560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            977689440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48070083600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47846005200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29582152500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29778712500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90748865205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90675985545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          758.887242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.277786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41639808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41639808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19388288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19388288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       650622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             650622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       302942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            302942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    348195029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            348195029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162126240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162126240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    510321269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           510321269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     650622                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    302942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   650622                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  302942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41624128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  15680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19388160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41639808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19388288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            41106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            19133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           18993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    56343                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12065                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119587557500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               650622                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              302942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 170832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  21757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  23286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  23317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  22874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 19614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 18443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 17216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 12414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  5851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 61666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  50921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  22206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       298661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.283947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.452840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.570627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        96563     32.33%     32.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89441     29.95%     62.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73657     24.66%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19232      6.44%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14458      4.84%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2758      0.92%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1298      0.43%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.29%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          396      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       298661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.431247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.133482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44789     99.38%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          215      0.48%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           15      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.721992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.200892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.200340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34539     76.64%     76.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5392     11.96%     88.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2777      6.16%     94.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2359      5.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 72305799267                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            84500368017                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3251885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   111175.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              129925.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      348.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   348.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  484072                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 170577                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               56.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    125411.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20835830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3993080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94754253750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1136698920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1121102640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              620222625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              611712750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2542667400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2530140600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            983897280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            979089120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48312138375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47804092245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29369823750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29815478250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90775912830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90672080085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.113427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.245126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41615168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41615168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19356928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19356928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       650237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             650237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       302452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            302452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    347988987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            347988987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    161864005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           161864005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    509852993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           509852993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     650238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    302452                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   650238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  302452                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41598848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  16384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19356736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41615232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19356928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           40931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           18938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    58385                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12135                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119586853500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               650238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              302452                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  21863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  22388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  23307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  23390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  23510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  23149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 17926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 13208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 12214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  9051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  6714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 63762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  22157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       299323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.642059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.772984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.697072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97693     32.64%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89617     29.94%     62.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73002     24.39%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19256      6.43%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14443      4.83%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2673      0.89%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1366      0.46%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          858      0.29%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          415      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       299323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.450289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.501107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44705     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          217      0.48%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           36      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        44980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.724077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.200349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.209059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34498     76.70%     76.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5298     11.78%     88.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2837      6.31%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2347      5.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        44980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 72912406583                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            85099569083                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3249910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   112176.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              130926.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      347.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      161.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   347.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   161.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.74                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  483171                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 169931                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    125525.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20276600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3993080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95311821250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1138437720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1124330760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              621171375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              613474125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2540116800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2529438600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            982186560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            977585760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7810464480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48040884495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47580407145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29607765750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30011693250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90741027180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90647394120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          758.821696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.038690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              541108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27042589                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 50.445250                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.979993                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                86.284923                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26096276     96.50%     96.50% |      640758      2.37%     98.87% |      286020      1.06%     99.93% |       19490      0.07%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27042589                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39481413                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.178386                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.846015                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.589076                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34899866     88.40%     88.40% |     1462155      3.70%     92.10% |      485520      1.23%     93.33% |      573986      1.45%     94.78% |      423065      1.07%     95.85% |      411051      1.04%     96.90% |      421054      1.07%     97.96% |      475010      1.20%     99.16% |      329706      0.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39481413                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39481411                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              49.771474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.993953                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            191.517003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39105296     99.05%     99.05% |      341470      0.86%     99.91% |       30431      0.08%     99.99% |        3531      0.01%    100.00% |         556      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39481411                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35000070                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000324                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000271                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020606                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34990232     99.97%     99.97% |        8549      0.02%    100.00% |        1064      0.00%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35000070                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481341                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        415.062469                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       267.123159                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       415.480268                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4105226     91.61%     91.61% |      341470      7.62%     99.23% |       30431      0.68%     99.91% |        3531      0.08%     99.98% |         556      0.01%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481341                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         719371                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       719371                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          314                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          255                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          304                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          283                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24670907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25568713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10321187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126425                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10447612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1032439                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37793                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       374370                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034427                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63973                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       169338                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424105                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       158858                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       440931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       442156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       171759                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          963                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       166139                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       431975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       166389                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1216                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       449964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       173833                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          731                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423376                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       165558                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       414311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       415083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       160707                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       135114                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227370                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83420                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        54296                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        53234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        51862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        53207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        51186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        51172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134733                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        52412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        52383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        83694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        83207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        67629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83326                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144245                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51661                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        52091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        83550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        52348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        83682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        83173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        53917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        83037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136954                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        54395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        82986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        83109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        57571                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140748                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147271                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        82937                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        82881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135779                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        52030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        51059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83423                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          110                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25319162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25319162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26401566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25319162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12138159                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12016530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25319162                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.105860                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     17217631                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     17217631                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18551691                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17217631                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9439199                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9292071                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     17217631                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.071988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15415290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15415290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16770017                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15415290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7134770                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6986822                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15415290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.064452                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14309826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14309826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15604518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14309826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6719928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6600386                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14309826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.059830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15102289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15102289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16487510                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15102289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8003473                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7748121                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15102289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.063143                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14365206                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14365206                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15705573                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14365206                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7351794                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7238946                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14365206                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.060061                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16756236                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16756236                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18419054                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16756236                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7254041                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7102560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16756236                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.070058                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14763970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14763970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16472516                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14763970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6691247                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6551546                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14763970                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.061729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10309821                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10309821                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11025232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10309821                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4881030                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4811305                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10309821                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.043106                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     11858198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     11858198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12904903                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11858198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5839315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5725098                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     11858198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.049580                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8327699                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8327699                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8847633                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8327699                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3619261                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3542347                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8327699                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.034818                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6436625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6436625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6539673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6436625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897916                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2893073                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6436625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.026912                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7015009                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7015009                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7165115                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7015009                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3424689                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3418177                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7015009                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029330                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6564472                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6564472                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6681987                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6564472                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2950748                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2945089                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6564471                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027446                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4226119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4226119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4349482                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4226119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1723172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1712411                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4226119                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017670                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5900783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5900783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6111662                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5900783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2455590                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2443251                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5900783                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024671                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7067796                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7067796                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7240435                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7067796                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2772186                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2762932                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7067796                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029551                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6273709                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6273709                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6445029                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6273709                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2515394                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2507449                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6273709                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026231                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5760918                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5760918                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5994247                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5760918                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2455258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5760918                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024087                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3318247                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3318247                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3472292                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3318247                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1418675                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1409883                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3318247                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013874                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3233021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3233021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3253591                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3233021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1547113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3233021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3831666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3831666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3864657                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3831666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2000357                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3831666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016020                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3617454                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3617454                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3650490                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3617453                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1755369                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1754525                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3617453                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015125                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2196083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2196083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2196083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2196083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       979319                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       979319                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2196083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009182                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3188255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3188255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3207454                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3188255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1499448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1498875                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3188255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013330                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3626249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3626249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3658107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3626249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1886262                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1883489                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3626249                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015161                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3523114                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3523114                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3555450                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3523113                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1701516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1700585                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3523113                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014730                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2205422                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2205422                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2205422                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2205422                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       981906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       981906                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2205422                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009221                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14298666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14298666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15756326                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14298666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6557133                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6494162                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14298666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.059783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13558040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13558040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14550120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13558040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6113365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6048964                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13558040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.056687                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14104178                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14104178                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15479379                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14104178                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6143058                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6043114                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14104178                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.058970                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14236853                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14236853                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15494047                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14236853                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6319015                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6214793                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14236852                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059525                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20080264     26.88%     26.88% |    50093044     67.06%     93.94% |     4527990      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     74701298                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20080264     26.88%     26.88% |    50093050     67.06%     93.94% |     4527990      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     74701304                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   736435245                       |  1344560931                       |   110553345                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1270508670                       |   237083173                       |     4528802                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.674580                       |   26.841270                       |   24.415545                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   63.271512                       |    4.732856                       |    1.000179                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.337503                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    20.242227                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         49.579730                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005058                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.105275      6.76%      6.76% |    0.105005      6.74%     13.50% |    0.103401      6.64%     20.13% |    0.103184      6.62%     26.76% |    0.262942     16.88%     43.63% |    0.258155     16.57%     60.20% |    0.262484     16.85%     77.05% |    0.257527     16.53%     93.58% |    0.024998      1.60%     95.19% |    0.025000      1.60%     96.79% |    0.025004      1.60%     98.40% |    0.025003      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.557976                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.038926                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023616                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007775                       |    0.007450                       |    0.007798                       |    0.007626                       |    0.007604                       |    0.007986                       |    0.007370                       |    0.007205                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007174                       |    0.004689                       |    0.004650                       |    0.004699                       |    0.004645                       |    0.004643                       |    0.004638                       |    0.004619                       |    0.004637                       |    0.004689                       |    0.004711                       |    0.004675                       |    0.004642                       |    0.004665                       |    0.004624                       |    0.004627                       |    0.004662                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004652                       |    0.004647                       |    0.004643                       |    0.005025                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004631                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004661                       |    0.004637                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004674                       |    0.004681                       |    0.004771                       |    0.004944                       |    0.016523                       |    0.016308                       |    0.016313                       |    0.016304                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001923                       |    0.004932                       |    0.000381                       |    0.000398                       |    0.000373                       |    0.000388                       |    0.000374                       |    0.000403                       |    0.000343                       |    0.000348                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004570                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004745                       |    0.004100                       |    0.010596                       |    0.004561                       |    0.000343                       |    0.006869                       |    0.013942                       |    0.006794                       |           0                       |    0.004590                       |    0.010606                       |           0                       |    0.015892                       |    0.020470                       |    0.008225                       |    0.011044                       |    0.004573                       |    0.000381                       |    0.017371                       |    0.016418                       |    0.014664                       |    0.010601                       |    0.004612                       |    0.000398                       |    0.018649                       |    0.015447                       |    0.010122                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |    0.010393                       |           0                       |    0.018592                       |    0.013695                       |    0.009432                       |           0                       |    0.004589                       |           0                       |    0.009324                       |    0.006838                       |    0.006161                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.004648                       |    0.004113                       |           0                       |    0.004864                       |           0                       |    0.001903                       |    0.005025                       |    0.004228                       |    0.010375                       |    0.004586                       |    0.000348                       |    0.010118                       |    0.005887                       |    0.014145                       |    0.004121                       |    0.011038                       |    0.004558                       |    0.000373                       |    0.007273                       |    0.014180                       |    0.020196                       |    0.005525                       |    0.025227                       |    0.006357                       |    0.001923                       |    0.012527                       |    0.020213                       |    0.027669                       |    0.011944                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004596                       |    0.004932                       |    0.012273                       |    0.018301                       |    0.019702                       |    0.012183                       |    0.010819                       |    0.004548                       |    0.000388                       |    0.010927                       |    0.015561                       |    0.010868                       |    0.006951                       |           0                       |    0.004560                       |           0                       |    0.003893                       |    0.009303                       |    0.005418                       |    0.006156                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.001844                       |    0.004661                       |    0.004087                       |           0                       |    0.004704                       |           0                       |    0.001008                       |    0.004862                       |    0.004551                       |           0                       |    0.004617                       |           0                       |    0.011339                       |    0.006034                       |    0.008284                       |    0.004544                       |           0                       |    0.004679                       |    0.010400                       |           0                       |    0.007744                       |    0.015965                       |    0.015637                       |    0.004545                       |    0.010813                       |    0.004557                       |    0.000374                       |    0.019985                       |    0.017446                       |    0.012311                       |    0.004572                       |    0.011272                       |    0.004545                       |    0.000403                       |    0.009014                       |    0.019049                       |    0.012874                       |    0.004571                       |           0                       |    0.004793                       |    0.010388                       |           0                       |    0.008968                       |    0.018818                       |    0.011989                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.004574                       |           0                       |    0.002998                       |    0.009302                       |    0.006006                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |    0.004562                       |           0                       |    0.000969                       |    0.004637                       |    0.004561                       |           0                       |    0.004551                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004631                       |           0                       |    0.004544                       |           0                       |    0.005159                       |           0                       |    0.007966                       |           0                       |    0.004545                       |           0                       |    0.006631                       |    0.003870                       |    0.009625                       |           0                       |    0.004572                       |           0                       |    0.010813                       |    0.007534                       |    0.006632                       |           0                       |    0.004571                       |           0                       |    0.005409                       |    0.010692                       |    0.005559                       |           0                       |    0.004569                       |           0                       |    0.009150                       |    0.010367                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004567                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009307                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004561                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004660                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.557976                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8934621                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8934621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6418202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5802000                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.399149                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          700493                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15412890                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86305                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18907028                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181215                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15499195                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19088243                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34319918                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267520                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34587438                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10454702                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9652                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10464354                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10454702                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9652                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10464354                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235628819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34516643                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               62984473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8934621                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6502493                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195585037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142569                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301451                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       343424                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10454034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3957                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231528756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209528899     90.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1983874      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3032373      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           861363      0.37%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3089874      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1407694      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3870988      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           540663      0.23%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7213028      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231528756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13350118                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202468718                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6772163                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8483861                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110257301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15972436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123970547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13482428                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12281744                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65367705                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108254604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5771718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119568748                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244210360                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    159988198                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106076370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367041                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52703386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8163343                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19319447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1939306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712341                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106313423                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       692489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111208196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014061                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14627722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231528756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184809797     79.82%     79.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19563002      8.45%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10530999      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5975157      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3700120      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5033521      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083442      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472756      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359962      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231528756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113363      9.70%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913141     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141589     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417177      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76244788     68.56%     68.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15316343     13.77%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19125320     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111208196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.471963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168093                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010504                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455439762                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117028552                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102542476                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      111959028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2119055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2664                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8943                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8909259                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6222891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111552002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107005912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108463                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8163343                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19319447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       683067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         226267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8943                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110496242                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15101329                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       444979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34020660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7492910                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18919331                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.468942                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102651079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102542530                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53353537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81396191                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435187                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       555487                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229845176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191856323     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16112828      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11019424      4.79%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2585533      1.12%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2376020      1.03%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       988998      0.43%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155256      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622972      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3127822      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229845176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54581742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96672261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25270494                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6691810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6967958                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96043165                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       616261                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178687      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71121032     73.57%     73.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6691810      6.92%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18578684     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96672261                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3127822                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333386983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215534270                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4100063                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54581742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96672261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.316990                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.316990                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        165944346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75484373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35359665                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36885473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49284096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6974218000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6974217999.999992                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12746272                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        73.969515                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.850172                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      120.229258                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11804923     92.61%     92.61% |      635886      4.99%     97.60% |      285928      2.24%     99.85% |       19490      0.15%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12746272                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      13999744                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.545932                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.333312                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.283241                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13684740     97.75%     97.75% |      274279      1.96%     99.71% |       27831      0.20%     99.91% |        7930      0.06%     99.96% |        2828      0.02%     99.98% |        1247      0.01%     99.99% |         592      0.00%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        13999744                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        296573                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.960300                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.045148                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.699034                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       37524     12.65%     12.65% |      170567     57.51%     70.17% |       82332     27.76%     97.93% |        6026      2.03%     99.96% |         121      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          296573                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9194218                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          120.566511                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.059275                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         289.491841                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8975510     97.62%     97.62% |      198142      2.16%     99.78% |       18020      0.20%     99.97% |        2128      0.02%    100.00% |         345      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9194218                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6482889                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001133                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000952                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.037664                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6476318     99.90%     99.90% |        5943      0.09%     99.99% |         485      0.01%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6482889                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711329                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     401.669725                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    250.133482                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    414.874293                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2492621     91.93%     91.93% |      198142      7.31%     99.24% |       18020      0.66%     99.91% |        2128      0.08%     99.98% |         345      0.01%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711329                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19559776                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.476829                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.434532                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         176.019139                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19402416     99.20%     99.20% |      143284      0.73%     99.93% |       12408      0.06%     99.99% |        1403      0.01%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19559776                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17937040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000218                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000179                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.017602                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17933875     99.98%     99.98% |        2504      0.01%    100.00% |         579      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17937040                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622736                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     466.781073                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    333.155023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    419.767771                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1465376     90.30%     90.30% |      143284      8.83%     99.13% |       12408      0.76%     99.90% |        1403      0.09%     99.98% |         211      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622736                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10447610                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.038844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.075423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10447183    100.00%    100.00% |         380      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10447610                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10321187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10321186    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10321187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.850193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.879957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.059414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125996     99.66%     99.66% |         380      0.30%     99.96% |          34      0.03%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.962143                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.171194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      273437     98.18%     98.18% |        3842      1.38%     99.56% |        1014      0.36%     99.93% |          91      0.03%     99.96% |          56      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257576     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20820                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.500096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.421998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.708495                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       15760     75.70%     75.70% |        3842     18.45%     94.15% |        1014      4.87%     99.02% |          91      0.44%     99.46% |          56      0.27%     99.73% |          50      0.24%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20820                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312779                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10105186                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       147250                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    82728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   119694                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    79475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   121477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    81239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   119645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    79256                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   121608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    79584                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   120041                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   87522                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  121732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   72365                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  117569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   69746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  118351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  70712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 169106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  55917                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 167323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  72201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 169155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  65160                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 167192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  64832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 168759                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 74942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                167068                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 63027                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                171231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 56622                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                170449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    81796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   163269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    65856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   161429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    83895                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   163217                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    75723                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   161411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    75867                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   163130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   86991                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  161241                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   73281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  165200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   66058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  164463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               153440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              126368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3227681                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139965444791115                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139965441000163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6642150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3187970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                37592247                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               366969564                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               370718227                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               367121100                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               370780604                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              367225150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              370703258                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              367221738                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              370926557                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              367035264                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              370871163                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   88160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  72608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  65280                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 53760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                46119                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                92640                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                44692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                93906                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                44516                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                92642                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                43959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                93592                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                44244                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                92533                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               47976                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               93635                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               40366                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               91321                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               39117                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               91614                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              42041                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             134720                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              33100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             133454                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              43644                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             134718                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              39017                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             133768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              38732                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses             134827                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             45368                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses            133725                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             37426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses            136039                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             33491                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses            135746                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               36609                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               27054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               34783                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               27571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               36723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               27003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               35297                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               28016                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               35340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               27508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              39546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28097                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              31999                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26248                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              30629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26737                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             28671                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             34386                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             22817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             33869                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             28557                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             34437                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             26143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             33424                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             26100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             33932                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            29574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            33343                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            25601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            35192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            23131                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            34703                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      14                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5330668                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8401962                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5453296                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8398819                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5067486                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8412592                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4946409                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8389634                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5268687                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8384047                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5183726                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8383854                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5278707                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8417352                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5069845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8410642                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     136                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4606680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7661190                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4810944                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7659638                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4235624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7664862                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4288941                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7670686                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4290031                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7659766                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4395013                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7656382                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4649245                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7619023                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4447975                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7599296                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2285564                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2019124                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2327005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2184002                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3933619                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2150025                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2507794                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2001520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3942195                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1859409                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3940104                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3125435                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2212145                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3008594                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2227334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3351892                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2260552                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2861574                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2178334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3429575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2187095                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3281953                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2268829                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2831705                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2305396                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2858853                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2338221                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4606680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7661190                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4810944                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7659638                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4235624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7664862                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4288941                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7670686                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4290031                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7659766                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4395013                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7656382                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4649245                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7619023                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4447975                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7599296                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2228542                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1966380                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2228518                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2097431                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932541                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2097467                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2359581                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1966386                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1835299                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2716344                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2212145                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2698842                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2227334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2678757                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2260552                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2452470                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2178334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2773757                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2187095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2730003                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2245265                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2592123                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2305396                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2534643                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2316521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5161870                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7910394                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5291687                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7907251                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4951540                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7921024                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4820869                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7898066                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            5061107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7892479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           5066257                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7892286                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           5067601                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           7975213                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4915302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           7963566                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227880924                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227880920                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227880926                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227880922                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227880931                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227880927                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227880943                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227880939                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9582989                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11247929                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9666440                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11221546                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9476490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11261490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9407323                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11203232                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9507538                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11231668                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9537072                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11169285                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9538509                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11256079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9513790                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11218253                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             13861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             26134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             12089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26087                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             13565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             26088                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             12998                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26273                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             12880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14341                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26450                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            12208                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26056                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            11448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             11664                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6757                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             12755                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             11464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             11736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7524                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             11425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              7037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            13156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             7474                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             9537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6223                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             9745                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6522                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             13584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19195                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             16036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             20803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             12224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             18964                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             13763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             20419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             13121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             18929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            14293                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            20725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            10775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            17226                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            11346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            17939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          582323                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         4150771                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          382696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         4101531                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          652712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         4183268                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          589586                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         4189104                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          523372                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         4192232                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         676198                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        4190296                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         539074                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        4215175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         463455                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        4221032                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      658906     25.24%     25.24% |      650415     24.92%     50.16% |      650622     24.93%     75.09% |      650238     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2610181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      305255     25.53%     25.53% |      296770     24.82%     50.35% |      297071     24.85%     75.20% |      296581     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1195677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      658931     25.24%     25.24% |      650415     24.92%     50.16% |      650621     24.93%     75.09% |      650237     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2610204                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      311113     25.52%     25.52% |      302641     24.82%     50.34% |      302942     24.85%     75.19% |      302452     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1219148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      345459     25.00%     25.00% |      345453     25.00%     50.00% |      345359     24.99%     75.00% |      345464     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1381735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      658906     25.24%     25.24% |      650415     24.92%     50.16% |      650622     24.93%     75.09% |      650238     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2610181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      305010     25.53%     25.53% |      296593     24.82%     50.35% |      296894     24.85%     75.19% |      296404     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1194901                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      345459     25.00%     25.00% |      345453     25.00%     50.00% |      345359     24.99%     75.00% |      345464     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1381735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      658906     25.24%     25.24% |      650415     24.92%     50.16% |      650621     24.93%     75.09% |      650237     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2610179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      305010     25.53%     25.53% |      296593     24.82%     50.35% |      296894     24.85%     75.19% |      296404     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1194901                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6716230     73.01%     73.01% |          34      0.00%     73.01% |      315505      3.43%     76.44% |      305108      3.32%     79.76% |      315488      3.43%     83.19% |      310291      3.37%     86.56% |      310291      3.37%     89.94% |      320674      3.49%     93.42% |      305134      3.32%     96.74% |      299955      3.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9198710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10447653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10447653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18860077     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      126730      0.64%     95.68% |      119032      0.60%     96.28% |      126734      0.64%     96.92% |      122882      0.62%     97.54% |      122907      0.62%     98.16% |      130585      0.66%     98.82% |      119043      0.60%     99.42% |      115190      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19843180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26606     10.68%     10.68% |          34      0.01%     10.69% |       29536     11.85%     22.54% |       28399     11.40%     33.94% |       30901     12.40%     46.34% |       27552     11.06%     57.39% |       28376     11.39%     68.78% |       27045     10.85%     79.63% |       26483     10.63%     90.26% |       24285      9.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       249217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026794     20.40%     20.40% |           0      0.00%     20.40% |      508178     10.10%     30.50% |      487873      9.69%     40.20% |      513163     10.20%     50.39% |      504078     10.02%     60.41% |      497793      9.89%     70.30% |      530788     10.55%     80.85% |      487711      9.69%     90.54% |      475953      9.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5032331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.26%      4.26% |           4      8.51%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |          11     23.40%     36.17% |          19     40.43%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |          11     23.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        5774     12.20%     12.22% |        6300     13.32%     25.53% |        6921     14.63%     40.16% |        6767     14.30%     54.47% |        6457     13.65%     68.11% |        6617     13.99%     82.10% |        4276      9.04%     91.14% |        4192      8.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        47309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      231977      9.13%      9.13% |          29      0.00%      9.13% |      294648     11.60%     20.73% |      283781     11.17%     31.90% |      290122     11.42%     43.32% |      286898     11.29%     54.61% |      285710     11.25%     65.86% |      300997     11.85%     77.71% |      283622     11.16%     88.87% |      282735     11.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2540519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        5872     12.41%     12.42% |        6281     13.28%     25.70% |        7045     14.89%     40.59% |        5822     12.31%     52.90% |        6216     13.14%     66.04% |        4219      8.92%     74.95% |        6901     14.59%     89.54% |        4948     10.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        47309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792234     41.84%     41.84% |           0      0.00%     41.84% |      140510      7.42%     49.26% |      133260      7.04%     56.30% |      143764      7.59%     63.89% |      139449      7.36%     71.26% |      140049      7.40%     78.65% |      144748      7.64%     86.30% |      132853      7.02%     93.31% |      126628      6.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1893495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886077     21.97%     21.97% |           0      0.00%     21.97% |      401000      9.94%     31.91% |      384300      9.53%     41.44% |      397595      9.86%     51.29% |      392571      9.73%     61.03% |      391387      9.70%     70.73% |      412525     10.23%     80.96% |      386738      9.59%     90.55% |      381319      9.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4033512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225090      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      314987     11.65%     19.98% |      304646     11.27%     31.25% |      314929     11.65%     42.90% |      309811     11.46%     54.36% |      309781     11.46%     65.82% |      320081     11.84%     77.66% |      304608     11.27%     88.93% |      299379     11.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122865    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664976     40.46%     40.46% |           0      0.00%     40.46% |      125977      7.67%     48.13% |      118623      7.22%     55.35% |      125946      7.66%     63.01% |      122329      7.44%     70.46% |      122147      7.43%     77.89% |      129855      7.90%     85.79% |      118663      7.22%     93.01% |      114835      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11158      8.39%      8.39% |           0      0.00%      8.39% |       14441     10.86%     19.26% |       15709     11.82%     31.08% |       17871     13.44%     44.52% |       16609     12.49%     57.01% |       17345     13.05%     70.06% |       14226     10.70%     80.77% |       14407     10.84%     91.60% |       11161      8.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       132927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7579     94.74%     94.74% |          17      0.21%     94.95% |          47      0.59%     95.54% |          47      0.59%     96.12% |          41      0.51%     96.64% |          28      0.35%     96.99% |          45      0.56%     97.55% |          19      0.24%     97.79% |         103      1.29%     99.07% |          74      0.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         8000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3560    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         143     65.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |          19      8.64%     73.64% |           6      2.73%     76.36% |          15      6.82%     83.18% |           1      0.45%     83.64% |           2      0.91%     84.55% |           9      4.09%     88.64% |           2      0.91%     89.55% |          23     10.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3360      3.27%      3.27% |           0      0.00%      3.27% |       14891     14.51%     17.78% |       12503     12.18%     29.96% |       12851     12.52%     42.48% |       10789     10.51%     52.99% |       10849     10.57%     63.56% |       12624     12.30%     75.85% |       11867     11.56%     87.41% |       12920     12.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       102654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.64%     97.64% |           0      0.00%     97.64% |          45      0.18%     97.81% |          61      0.24%     98.05% |         115      0.45%     98.50% |          80      0.31%     98.81% |          79      0.31%     99.12% |          62      0.24%     99.36% |          82      0.32%     99.68% |          81      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10321187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10321187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4580     31.26%     31.26% |           5      0.03%     31.29% |        1439      9.82%     41.12% |        1055      7.20%     48.32% |        1572     10.73%     59.05% |        1224      8.35%     67.40% |        1175      8.02%     75.42% |        1253      8.55%     83.97% |        1064      7.26%     91.24% |        1284      8.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122470     37.31%     37.31% |           0      0.00%     37.31% |       24561      7.48%     44.79% |       25954      7.91%     52.70% |       29917      9.11%     61.81% |       28268      8.61%     70.43% |       29180      8.89%     79.32% |       24275      7.40%     86.71% |       24154      7.36%     94.07% |       19463      5.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       328242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3169892     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         377      0.01%     99.92% |         334      0.01%     99.93% |         371      0.01%     99.94% |         353      0.01%     99.95% |         367      0.01%     99.96% |         478      0.02%     99.98% |         295      0.01%     99.99% |         370      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3172837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38440    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10458     16.53%     16.53% |          29      0.05%     16.58% |        7414     11.72%     28.29% |        7021     11.10%     39.39% |        6444     10.19%     49.58% |        5982      9.46%     59.03% |        6129      9.69%     68.72% |        6859     10.84%     79.56% |        6552     10.36%     89.92% |        6378     10.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        63266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182925      7.65%      7.65% |           0      0.00%      7.65% |      281321     11.77%     19.42% |      270379     11.31%     30.73% |      276748     11.58%     42.31% |      274077     11.46%     53.77% |      273051     11.42%     65.19% |      287422     12.02%     77.22% |      272642     11.40%     88.62% |      272038     11.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2390603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5643     12.26%     12.26% |        6158     13.37%     25.63% |        6669     14.48%     40.11% |        6595     14.32%     54.44% |        6303     13.69%     68.12% |        6436     13.98%     82.10% |        4151      9.02%     91.12% |        4090      8.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        46045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3284459    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3284459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18153128     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         706      0.00%     99.98% |         388      0.00%     99.98% |         739      0.00%     99.99% |         530      0.00%     99.99% |         712      0.00%     99.99% |         676      0.00%    100.00% |         354      0.00%    100.00% |         321      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18157554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         410      1.09%      1.09% |           0      0.00%      1.09% |        6149     16.31%     17.39% |        4533     12.02%     29.42% |        4941     13.10%     42.52% |        3656      9.70%     52.22% |        3639      9.65%     61.87% |        4599     12.20%     74.06% |        4380     11.62%     85.68% |        5400     14.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        37707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703152     42.80%     42.80% |           0      0.00%     42.80% |      119679      7.28%     50.08% |      113921      6.93%     57.02% |      120847      7.36%     64.37% |      118494      7.21%     71.59% |      118336      7.20%     78.79% |      125103      7.61%     86.40% |      114096      6.94%     93.35% |      109281      6.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1642909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.26%      4.26% |           4      8.51%     12.77% |           0      0.00%     12.77% |          11     23.40%     36.17% |          19     40.43%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |          11     23.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     25.00%     25.00% |           5     13.89%     38.89% |           2      5.56%     44.44% |           1      2.78%     47.22% |          11     30.56%     77.78% |           4     11.11%     88.89% |           3      8.33%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      3.03%      3.03% |           0      0.00%      3.03% |       48903     12.11%     15.14% |       47389     11.73%     26.88% |       51297     12.70%     39.58% |       50532     12.51%     52.09% |       46973     11.63%     63.72% |       55158     13.66%     77.38% |       46719     11.57%     88.95% |       44648     11.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       403876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      231977      9.13%      9.13% |          29      0.00%      9.13% |      294642     11.60%     20.73% |      283777     11.17%     31.90% |      290121     11.42%     43.32% |      286897     11.29%     54.61% |      285703     11.25%     65.86% |      300993     11.85%     77.71% |      283620     11.16%     88.87% |      282735     11.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2540494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        5872     12.41%     12.42% |        6281     13.28%     25.70% |        7045     14.89%     40.59% |        5822     12.31%     52.90% |        6216     13.14%     66.04% |        4219      8.92%     74.95% |        6901     14.59%     89.54% |        4948     10.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        47309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127115     50.86%     50.86% |           0      0.00%     50.86% |       14511      5.81%     56.67% |       14630      5.85%     62.52% |       17802      7.12%     69.65% |       17119      6.85%     76.50% |       17896      7.16%     83.66% |       14884      5.96%     89.61% |       14187      5.68%     95.29% |       11769      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       249913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.60%      1.60% |           0      0.00%      1.60% |       18820     11.47%     13.08% |       17725     10.81%     23.88% |       21503     13.11%     36.99% |       21917     13.36%     50.36% |       19392     11.82%     62.18% |       26203     15.98%     78.15% |       18232     11.12%     89.27% |       17601     10.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       164023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665119     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      125996      7.67%     48.13% |      118629      7.22%     55.35% |      125961      7.66%     63.02% |      122330      7.44%     70.46% |      122149      7.43%     77.89% |      129864      7.90%     85.79% |      118665      7.22%     93.01% |      114858      6.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.50%     12.50% |           2      8.33%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           1      4.17%     25.00% |          12     50.00%     75.00% |           3     12.50%     87.50% |           1      4.17%     91.67% |           2      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     24.00%     24.00% |           4     16.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           7     28.00%     76.00% |           4     16.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           1      9.09%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           4     36.36%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4222     94.03%     94.03% |           0      0.00%     94.03% |          49      1.09%     95.12% |          18      0.40%     95.52% |          32      0.71%     96.24% |          19      0.42%     96.66% |          19      0.42%     97.08% |          34      0.76%     97.84% |          46      1.02%     98.86% |          51      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     93.74%     93.74% |           0      0.00%     93.74% |          28      0.78%     94.52% |          15      0.42%     94.94% |          34      0.95%     95.89% |          22      0.61%     96.50% |          46      1.28%     97.78% |          45      1.25%     99.03% |          24      0.67%     99.69% |          11      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          84     13.33%     13.33% |          76     12.06%     25.40% |          71     11.27%     36.67% |          80     12.70%     49.37% |          77     12.22%     61.59% |         104     16.51%     78.10% |          77     12.22%     90.32% |          61      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         131     10.41%     10.41% |         142     11.28%     21.68% |         252     20.02%     41.70% |         172     13.66%     55.36% |         154     12.23%     67.59% |         181     14.38%     81.97% |         125      9.93%     91.90% |         102      8.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886077     21.98%     21.98% |           0      0.00%     21.98% |      400785      9.94%     31.92% |      384082      9.53%     41.45% |      397272      9.85%     51.30% |      392319      9.73%     61.03% |      391156      9.70%     70.73% |      412240     10.23%     80.96% |      386536      9.59%     90.55% |      381156      9.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4031623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         215     11.38%     11.38% |         218     11.54%     22.92% |         323     17.10%     40.02% |         252     13.34%     53.36% |         231     12.23%     65.59% |         285     15.09%     80.68% |         202     10.69%     91.37% |         163      8.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1889                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3520      2.78%      8.87% |        3535      2.79%     11.66% |        3620      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.75% |        3808      3.01%     20.75% |        3372      2.66%     23.42% |        3688      2.91%     26.33% |        5220      4.12%     30.45% |        4047      3.20%     33.65% |        3862      3.05%     36.70% |        3749      2.96%     39.66% |        4410      3.48%     43.14% |        3937      3.11%     46.25% |        3826      3.02%     49.27% |        4248      3.35%     52.62% |        4221      3.33%     55.96% |        3697      2.92%     58.88% |        3348      2.64%     61.52% |        3126      2.47%     63.99% |        3778      2.98%     66.97% |        3571      2.82%     69.79% |        3421      2.70%     72.49% |        3682      2.91%     75.40% |        3828      3.02%     78.42% |        3307      2.61%     81.03% |        4754      3.75%     84.79% |        4038      3.19%     87.98% |        5410      4.27%     92.25% |        5236      4.13%     96.38% |        4581      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158824      5.85%      5.85% |       82735      3.05%      8.90% |       81479      3.00%     11.90% |       82604      3.04%     14.94% |       81768      3.01%     17.95% |       81646      3.01%     20.96% |       81059      2.99%     23.94% |       81080      2.99%     26.93% |       81284      2.99%     29.92% |       81604      3.01%     32.93% |       83469      3.07%     36.00% |       82821      3.05%     39.05% |       81808      3.01%     42.07% |       81740      3.01%     45.08% |       81037      2.98%     48.06% |       81165      2.99%     51.05% |       82025      3.02%     54.07% |       81534      3.00%     57.07% |       81847      3.01%     60.09% |       82099      3.02%     63.11% |       81957      3.02%     66.13% |       90405      3.33%     69.46% |       88817      3.27%     72.73% |       81469      3.00%     75.73% |       81467      3.00%     78.73% |       82061      3.02%     81.75% |       81335      3.00%     84.75% |       81202      2.99%     87.74% |       81851      3.01%     90.75% |       81156      2.99%     93.74% |       82024      3.02%     96.76% |       87854      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64750      3.94%      3.94% |       50619      3.08%      7.02% |       50583      3.08%     10.09% |       51608      3.14%     13.23% |       50360      3.06%     16.30% |       50170      3.05%     19.35% |       50425      3.07%     22.41% |       49924      3.04%     25.45% |       50083      3.05%     28.50% |       50452      3.07%     31.56% |       50550      3.07%     34.64% |       50092      3.05%     37.69% |       49958      3.04%     40.72% |       50512      3.07%     43.80% |       49857      3.03%     46.83% |       49921      3.04%     49.86% |       49994      3.04%     52.91% |       50472      3.07%     55.98% |       50458      3.07%     59.04% |       50439      3.07%     62.11% |       50740      3.09%     65.20% |       56947      3.46%     68.66% |       52045      3.17%     71.83% |       50265      3.06%     74.88% |       50668      3.08%     77.97% |       50284      3.06%     81.02% |       50629      3.08%     84.10% |       50617      3.08%     87.18% |       51158      3.11%     90.29% |       50949      3.10%     93.39% |       53646      3.26%     96.66% |       54993      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1644168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213818      5.30%      5.30% |      123828      3.07%      8.36% |      122613      3.04%     11.40% |      124557      3.09%     14.49% |      122241      3.03%     17.52% |      121648      3.01%     20.53% |      121784      3.02%     23.55% |      121422      3.01%     26.55% |      121930      3.02%     29.57% |      122815      3.04%     32.62% |      124736      3.09%     35.71% |      123398      3.06%     38.76% |      121876      3.02%     41.78% |      122319      3.03%     44.81% |      120803      2.99%     47.80% |      120775      2.99%     50.80% |      121557      3.01%     53.81% |      121561      3.01%     56.82% |      121986      3.02%     59.84% |      122119      3.03%     62.87% |      122061      3.02%     65.89% |      136677      3.39%     69.28% |      130366      3.23%     72.50% |      121260      3.00%     75.51% |      121331      3.01%     78.51% |      121658      3.01%     81.53% |      121323      3.01%     84.53% |      121234      3.00%     87.54% |      122353      3.03%     90.57% |      121886      3.02%     93.59% |      125668      3.11%     96.70% |      133219      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4036822                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          53      5.12%      5.12% |          26      2.51%      7.63% |          27      2.61%     10.23% |          43      4.15%     14.38% |          30      2.90%     17.28% |          36      3.47%     20.75% |          27      2.61%     23.36% |          21      2.03%     25.39% |          47      4.54%     29.92% |          19      1.83%     31.76% |          25      2.41%     34.17% |          41      3.96%     38.13% |          37      3.57%     41.70% |          42      4.05%     45.75% |          43      4.15%     49.90% |          20      1.93%     51.83% |          20      1.93%     53.76% |          27      2.61%     56.37% |          21      2.03%     58.40% |          24      2.32%     60.71% |          45      4.34%     65.06% |          25      2.41%     67.47% |          35      3.38%     70.85% |          26      2.51%     73.36% |          50      4.83%     78.19% |          44      4.25%     82.43% |          36      3.47%     85.91% |          34      3.28%     89.19% |          24      2.32%     91.51% |          30      2.90%     94.40% |          29      2.80%     97.20% |          29      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1036                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45199      3.85%      3.85% |       36562      3.11%      6.96% |       36479      3.10%     10.06% |       36341      3.09%     13.15% |       36246      3.08%     16.24% |       36287      3.09%     19.33% |       36450      3.10%     22.43% |       36438      3.10%     25.53% |       36448      3.10%     28.63% |       36577      3.11%     31.74% |       36522      3.11%     34.85% |       36394      3.10%     37.95% |       36313      3.09%     41.04% |       36376      3.10%     44.13% |       36490      3.11%     47.24% |       36515      3.11%     50.35% |       36546      3.11%     53.46% |       36535      3.11%     56.57% |       36479      3.10%     59.67% |       36374      3.10%     62.76% |       36295      3.09%     65.85% |       36389      3.10%     68.95% |       36485      3.10%     72.05% |       36436      3.10%     75.16% |       36477      3.10%     78.26% |       36552      3.11%     81.37% |       36545      3.11%     84.48% |       36417      3.10%     87.58% |       36376      3.10%     90.67% |       36460      3.10%     93.78% |       36547      3.11%     96.89% |       36582      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1175132                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44062      3.14%      3.14% |       43961      3.14%      6.28% |       43955      3.14%      9.42% |       43827      3.13%     12.54% |       43671      3.12%     15.66% |       43574      3.11%     18.77% |       43726      3.12%     21.89% |       43874      3.13%     25.02% |       44067      3.14%     28.16% |       44120      3.15%     31.31% |       44179      3.15%     34.46% |       44048      3.14%     37.61% |       44040      3.14%     40.75% |       43779      3.12%     43.87% |       43818      3.13%     47.00% |       43854      3.13%     50.13% |       43922      3.13%     53.26% |       43964      3.14%     56.40% |       43694      3.12%     59.52% |       43641      3.11%     62.63% |       43547      3.11%     65.74% |       43568      3.11%     68.85% |       43592      3.11%     71.96% |       43680      3.12%     75.07% |       43794      3.12%     78.20% |       43921      3.13%     81.33% |       43744      3.12%     84.45% |       43587      3.11%     87.56% |       43468      3.10%     90.66% |       43425      3.10%     93.76% |       43550      3.11%     96.87% |       43861      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1401513                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       90374      3.46%      3.46% |       81570      3.13%      6.59% |       81480      3.12%      9.71% |       81215      3.11%     12.82% |       80963      3.10%     15.92% |       80907      3.10%     19.02% |       81222      3.11%     22.13% |       81358      3.12%     25.25% |       81561      3.12%     28.38% |       81741      3.13%     31.51% |       81748      3.13%     34.64% |       81488      3.12%     37.76% |       81400      3.12%     40.88% |       81201      3.11%     43.99% |       81354      3.12%     47.11% |       81415      3.12%     50.23% |       81515      3.12%     53.35% |       81543      3.12%     56.47% |       81217      3.11%     59.58% |       81061      3.11%     62.69% |       80887      3.10%     65.79% |       81003      3.10%     68.89% |       81122      3.11%     72.00% |       81162      3.11%     75.11% |       81316      3.12%     78.23% |       81519      3.12%     81.35% |       81335      3.12%     84.46% |       81049      3.11%     87.57% |       80890      3.10%     90.67% |       80931      3.10%     93.77% |       81143      3.11%     96.88% |       81489      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2610179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       89350      3.47%      3.47% |       80546      3.13%      6.59% |       80456      3.12%      9.71% |       80191      3.11%     12.82% |       79939      3.10%     15.93% |       79883      3.10%     19.03% |       80198      3.11%     22.14% |       80334      3.12%     25.25% |       80537      3.12%     28.38% |       80717      3.13%     31.51% |       80724      3.13%     34.64% |       80464      3.12%     37.76% |       80376      3.12%     40.88% |       80177      3.11%     43.99% |       80330      3.12%     47.11% |       80391      3.12%     50.23% |       80491      3.12%     53.35% |       80519      3.12%     56.48% |       80193      3.11%     59.59% |       80037      3.11%     62.69% |       79863      3.10%     65.79% |       79979      3.10%     68.89% |       80098      3.11%     72.00% |       80138      3.11%     75.11% |       80292      3.12%     78.23% |       80495      3.12%     81.35% |       80311      3.12%     84.47% |       80025      3.10%     87.57% |       79866      3.10%     90.67% |       79907      3.10%     93.77% |       80119      3.11%     96.88% |       80465      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2577411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1243      3.26%      3.26% |        1166      3.06%      6.33% |        1195      3.14%      9.46% |        1224      3.21%     12.68% |        1233      3.24%     15.92% |        1131      2.97%     18.89% |        1114      2.93%     21.81% |        1162      3.05%     24.86% |        1203      3.16%     28.02% |        1138      2.99%     31.01% |        1176      3.09%     34.10% |        1206      3.17%     37.27% |        1270      3.33%     40.60% |        1132      2.97%     43.57% |        1141      3.00%     46.57% |        1161      3.05%     49.62% |        1176      3.09%     52.71% |        1177      3.09%     55.80% |        1181      3.10%     58.90% |        1208      3.17%     62.07% |        1309      3.44%     65.51% |        1225      3.22%     68.72% |        1168      3.07%     71.79% |        1189      3.12%     74.91% |        1188      3.12%     78.03% |        1184      3.11%     81.14% |        1191      3.13%     84.27% |        1228      3.22%     87.50% |        1276      3.35%     90.85% |        1159      3.04%     93.89% |        1142      3.00%     96.89% |        1185      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        38081                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1436      3.02%      3.02% |        1390      2.92%      5.94% |        1398      2.94%      8.88% |        1404      2.95%     11.83% |        1452      3.05%     14.89% |        1501      3.16%     18.04% |        1456      3.06%     21.10% |        1381      2.90%     24.01% |        1397      2.94%     26.94% |        1384      2.91%     29.85% |        1461      3.07%     32.92% |        1451      3.05%     35.97% |        1500      3.15%     39.13% |        1591      3.34%     42.47% |        1570      3.30%     45.77% |        1487      3.13%     48.90% |        1449      3.05%     51.95% |        1480      3.11%     55.06% |        1570      3.30%     58.36% |        1547      3.25%     61.61% |        1631      3.43%     65.04% |        1611      3.39%     68.43% |        1623      3.41%     71.84% |        1454      3.06%     74.90% |        1481      3.11%     78.01% |        1441      3.03%     81.04% |        1497      3.15%     84.19% |        1498      3.15%     87.34% |        1572      3.31%     90.64% |        1541      3.24%     93.88% |        1524      3.20%     97.09% |        1386      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        47564                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1993      2.95%      2.95% |        1916      2.84%      5.79% |        1964      2.91%      8.70% |        1946      2.88%     11.58% |        2066      3.06%     14.65% |        2032      3.01%     17.66% |        2033      3.01%     20.67% |        1895      2.81%     23.48% |        1906      2.82%     26.30% |        1848      2.74%     29.04% |        1916      2.84%     31.88% |        1949      2.89%     34.76% |        2141      3.17%     37.94% |        2120      3.14%     41.08% |        2184      3.24%     44.31% |        2141      3.17%     47.48% |        2224      3.30%     50.78% |        2163      3.20%     53.98% |        2224      3.30%     57.28% |        2209      3.27%     60.55% |        2312      3.43%     63.98% |        2247      3.33%     67.31% |        2295      3.40%     70.71% |        2190      3.24%     73.95% |        2340      3.47%     77.42% |        2218      3.29%     80.71% |        2289      3.39%     84.10% |        2209      3.27%     87.37% |        2280      3.38%     90.75% |        2151      3.19%     93.93% |        2156      3.19%     97.13% |        1938      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        67495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4430      3.09%      3.09% |        4298      3.00%      6.09% |        4275      2.98%      9.07% |        4245      2.96%     12.03% |        4393      3.06%     15.09% |        4334      3.02%     18.12% |        4368      3.05%     21.16% |        4410      3.08%     24.24% |        4431      3.09%     27.33% |        4271      2.98%     30.31% |        4318      3.01%     33.32% |        4359      3.04%     36.36% |        4587      3.20%     39.56% |        4522      3.15%     42.71% |        4519      3.15%     45.86% |        4556      3.18%     49.04% |        4621      3.22%     52.26% |        4568      3.19%     55.45% |        4492      3.13%     58.58% |        4487      3.13%     61.71% |        4569      3.19%     64.90% |        4661      3.25%     68.15% |        4634      3.23%     71.38% |        4551      3.17%     74.55% |        4739      3.31%     77.86% |        4714      3.29%     81.15% |        4550      3.17%     84.32% |        4455      3.11%     87.43% |        4552      3.17%     90.60% |        4523      3.15%     93.76% |        4531      3.16%     96.92% |        4422      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       143385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1426      3.01%      3.01% |        1382      2.92%      5.94% |        1388      2.93%      8.87% |        1393      2.94%     11.81% |        1446      3.06%     14.87% |        1491      3.15%     18.02% |        1445      3.05%     21.08% |        1373      2.90%     23.98% |        1385      2.93%     26.91% |        1378      2.91%     29.82% |        1454      3.07%     32.89% |        1442      3.05%     35.94% |        1491      3.15%     39.09% |        1579      3.34%     42.43% |        1564      3.31%     45.74% |        1486      3.14%     48.88% |        1444      3.05%     51.93% |        1475      3.12%     55.05% |        1568      3.31%     58.36% |        1540      3.26%     61.62% |        1619      3.42%     65.04% |        1609      3.40%     68.44% |        1615      3.41%     71.85% |        1451      3.07%     74.92% |        1469      3.11%     78.03% |        1427      3.02%     81.04% |        1490      3.15%     84.19% |        1485      3.14%     87.33% |        1566      3.31%     90.64% |        1532      3.24%     93.88% |        1516      3.20%     97.08% |        1380      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        47309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218540      5.22%      5.22% |      128390      3.07%      8.29% |      127129      3.04%     11.33% |      129104      3.09%     14.42% |      126873      3.03%     17.45% |      126215      3.02%     20.46% |      126327      3.02%     23.48% |      126038      3.01%     26.50% |      126576      3.03%     29.52% |      127302      3.04%     32.56% |      129367      3.09%     35.66% |      127959      3.06%     38.71% |      126539      3.02%     41.74% |      126900      3.03%     44.77% |      125379      3.00%     47.77% |      125318      3.00%     50.76% |      126112      3.01%     53.78% |      126141      3.01%     56.79% |      126545      3.02%     59.82% |      126705      3.03%     62.84% |      126855      3.03%     65.88% |      141402      3.38%     69.26% |      135047      3.23%     72.48% |      125799      3.01%     75.49% |      125944      3.01%     78.50% |      126268      3.02%     81.52% |      125829      3.01%     84.52% |      125819      3.01%     87.53% |      127127      3.04%     90.57% |      126495      3.02%     93.59% |      130260      3.11%     96.71% |      137804      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4184108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         505      3.21%      3.21% |         450      2.86%      6.07% |         449      2.85%      8.92% |         446      2.83%     11.75% |         473      3.00%     14.75% |         428      2.72%     17.47% |         466      2.96%     20.43% |         488      3.10%     23.53% |         520      3.30%     26.84% |         450      2.86%     29.69% |         481      3.06%     32.75% |         492      3.12%     35.87% |         588      3.73%     39.61% |         510      3.24%     42.85% |         498      3.16%     46.01% |         502      3.19%     49.20% |         504      3.20%     52.40% |         525      3.33%     55.74% |         518      3.29%     59.03% |         479      3.04%     62.07% |         463      2.94%     65.01% |         500      3.18%     68.18% |         467      2.97%     71.15% |         447      2.84%     73.99% |         512      3.25%     77.24% |         553      3.51%     80.75% |         498      3.16%     83.92% |         457      2.90%     86.82% |         454      2.88%     89.70% |         556      3.53%     93.24% |         539      3.42%     96.66% |         526      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15744                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52437      3.74%      3.74% |       43784      3.12%      6.86% |       43728      3.12%      9.98% |       43610      3.11%     13.10% |       43375      3.09%     16.19% |       43374      3.09%     19.28% |       43481      3.10%     22.39% |       43617      3.11%     25.50% |       43745      3.12%     28.62% |       43936      3.13%     31.75% |       43954      3.14%     34.89% |       43790      3.12%     38.01% |       43618      3.11%     41.12% |       43502      3.10%     44.23% |       43538      3.11%     47.33% |       43566      3.11%     50.44% |       43661      3.11%     53.56% |       43673      3.12%     56.67% |       43441      3.10%     59.77% |       43425      3.10%     62.87% |       43222      3.08%     65.95% |       43271      3.09%     69.04% |       43351      3.09%     72.13% |       43463      3.10%     75.23% |       43542      3.11%     78.34% |       43628      3.11%     81.45% |       43485      3.10%     84.55% |       43366      3.09%     87.65% |       43232      3.08%     90.73% |       43109      3.08%     93.81% |       43248      3.09%     96.89% |       43544      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1401716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37432      3.14%      3.14% |       37336      3.13%      6.27% |       37303      3.13%      9.40% |       37159      3.12%     12.51% |       37115      3.11%     15.62% |       37105      3.11%     18.73% |       37275      3.13%     21.86% |       37253      3.12%     24.98% |       37296      3.13%     28.11% |       37355      3.13%     31.24% |       37313      3.13%     34.37% |       37206      3.12%     37.49% |       37194      3.12%     40.61% |       37189      3.12%     43.73% |       37318      3.13%     46.85% |       37347      3.13%     49.99% |       37350      3.13%     53.12% |       37345      3.13%     56.25% |       37258      3.12%     59.37% |       37157      3.12%     62.49% |       37202      3.12%     65.61% |       37232      3.12%     68.73% |       37305      3.13%     71.86% |       37252      3.12%     74.98% |       37262      3.12%     78.10% |       37338      3.13%     81.23% |       37352      3.13%     84.37% |       37227      3.12%     87.49% |       37204      3.12%     90.61% |       37266      3.12%     93.73% |       37356      3.13%     96.86% |       37419      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1192721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          25      5.15%      5.15% |          13      2.68%      7.84% |           9      1.86%      9.69% |          20      4.12%     13.81% |          16      3.30%     17.11% |          22      4.54%     21.65% |          14      2.89%     24.54% |          10      2.06%     26.60% |          23      4.74%     31.34% |           9      1.86%     33.20% |          12      2.47%     35.67% |          20      4.12%     39.79% |          15      3.09%     42.89% |          18      3.71%     46.60% |          21      4.33%     50.93% |           9      1.86%     52.78% |           9      1.86%     54.64% |          12      2.47%     57.11% |          10      2.06%     59.18% |          12      2.47%     61.65% |          24      4.95%     66.60% |          10      2.06%     68.66% |          15      3.09%     71.75% |           9      1.86%     73.61% |          21      4.33%     77.94% |          22      4.54%     82.47% |          15      3.09%     85.57% |          15      3.09%     88.66% |          12      2.47%     91.13% |          16      3.30%     94.43% |          14      2.89%     97.32% |          13      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2580      2.95%      2.95% |        2553      2.92%      5.87% |        2477      2.83%      8.71% |        2606      2.98%     11.69% |        2664      3.05%     14.73% |        3022      3.46%     18.19% |        2615      2.99%     21.18% |        2518      2.88%     24.06% |        2356      2.70%     26.76% |        2358      2.70%     29.46% |        2235      2.56%     32.01% |        2419      2.77%     34.78% |        2438      2.79%     37.57% |        2568      2.94%     40.51% |        2652      3.03%     43.54% |        2783      3.18%     46.72% |        2826      3.23%     49.96% |        2894      3.31%     53.27% |        2852      3.26%     56.53% |        2937      3.36%     59.89% |        2792      3.19%     63.08% |        2860      3.27%     66.36% |        2840      3.25%     69.60% |        2914      3.33%     72.94% |        3026      3.46%     76.40% |        3041      3.48%     79.88% |        3131      3.58%     83.46% |        3083      3.53%     86.99% |        3061      3.50%     90.49% |        2951      3.38%     93.86% |        2762      3.16%     97.02% |        2601      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        87415                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          21      1.76%      1.76% |          26      2.18%      3.95% |          30      2.52%      6.47% |          26      2.18%      8.65% |          25      2.10%     10.75% |          28      2.35%     13.10% |          19      1.60%     14.69% |          26      2.18%     16.88% |          25      2.10%     18.98% |          32      2.69%     21.66% |          40      3.36%     25.02% |          45      3.78%     28.80% |          36      3.02%     31.82% |          57      4.79%     36.61% |          49      4.11%     40.72% |          42      3.53%     44.25% |          33      2.77%     47.02% |          37      3.11%     50.13% |          44      3.69%     53.82% |          57      4.79%     58.61% |          40      3.36%     61.96% |          38      3.19%     65.16% |          59      4.95%     70.11% |          45      3.78%     73.89% |          42      3.53%     77.41% |          42      3.53%     80.94% |          54      4.53%     85.47% |          49      4.11%     89.59% |          31      2.60%     92.19% |          30      2.52%     94.71% |          33      2.77%     97.48% |          30      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2385      2.98%      2.98% |        2298      2.87%      5.85% |        2309      2.88%      8.73% |        2338      2.92%     11.65% |        2443      3.05%     14.70% |        2397      2.99%     17.69% |        2394      2.99%     20.68% |        2317      2.89%     23.57% |        2337      2.92%     26.49% |        2235      2.79%     29.28% |        2297      2.87%     32.15% |        2388      2.98%     35.13% |        2627      3.28%     38.41% |        2573      3.21%     41.62% |        2571      3.21%     44.83% |        2574      3.21%     48.04% |        2618      3.27%     51.31% |        2599      3.24%     54.56% |        2620      3.27%     57.83% |        2581      3.22%     61.05% |        2650      3.31%     64.36% |        2653      3.31%     67.67% |        2621      3.27%     70.94% |        2550      3.18%     74.13% |        2710      3.38%     77.51% |        2684      3.35%     80.86% |        2635      3.29%     84.15% |        2563      3.20%     87.35% |        2590      3.23%     90.58% |        2601      3.25%     93.83% |        2560      3.20%     97.03% |        2381      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        80099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101828      8.80%      8.80% |       34470      2.98%     11.78% |       33304      2.88%     14.66% |       34399      2.97%     17.63% |       33677      2.91%     20.55% |       33167      2.87%     23.41% |       32933      2.85%     26.26% |       32994      2.85%     29.11% |       33242      2.87%     31.98% |       33387      2.89%     34.87% |       35265      3.05%     37.92% |       34567      2.99%     40.91% |       33555      2.90%     43.81% |       33427      2.89%     46.70% |       32565      2.81%     49.51% |       32508      2.81%     52.32% |       33226      2.87%     55.19% |       32689      2.83%     58.02% |       33257      2.87%     60.89% |       33461      2.89%     63.79% |       33591      2.90%     66.69% |       41842      3.62%     70.31% |       40251      3.48%     73.79% |       32782      2.83%     76.62% |       32514      2.81%     79.43% |       33104      2.86%     82.29% |       32408      2.80%     85.09% |       32486      2.81%     87.90% |       33323      2.88%     90.78% |       32970      2.85%     93.63% |       33896      2.93%     96.56% |       39758      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1156846                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       27291      6.05%      6.05% |       13262      2.94%      9.00% |       13266      2.94%     11.94% |       14434      3.20%     15.14% |       13228      2.93%     18.08% |       13049      2.89%     20.97% |       13140      2.91%     23.89% |       12663      2.81%     26.69% |       12770      2.83%     29.53% |       13077      2.90%     32.43% |       13230      2.93%     35.36% |       12878      2.86%     38.22% |       12749      2.83%     41.05% |       13312      2.95%     44.00% |       12526      2.78%     46.78% |       12557      2.79%     49.57% |       12616      2.80%     52.36% |       13104      2.91%     55.27% |       13174      2.92%     58.19% |       13265      2.94%     61.14% |       13448      2.98%     64.12% |       19649      4.36%     68.48% |       14724      3.27%     71.74% |       12991      2.88%     74.63% |       13378      2.97%     77.59% |       12928      2.87%     80.46% |       13257      2.94%     83.40% |       13374      2.97%     86.37% |       13947      3.09%     89.46% |       13671      3.03%     92.50% |       16265      3.61%     96.10% |       17560      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       450783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44626      3.86%      3.86% |       35964      3.11%      6.97% |       35905      3.10%     10.07% |       35714      3.09%     13.16% |       35657      3.08%     16.24% |       35748      3.09%     19.33% |       35940      3.11%     22.44% |       35883      3.10%     25.54% |       35890      3.10%     28.64% |       36016      3.11%     31.75% |       35945      3.11%     34.86% |       35778      3.09%     37.95% |       35704      3.09%     41.04% |       35845      3.10%     44.14% |       35960      3.11%     47.25% |       35976      3.11%     50.36% |       35981      3.11%     53.47% |       35969      3.11%     56.58% |       35892      3.10%     59.68% |       35766      3.09%     62.77% |       35683      3.08%     65.86% |       35842      3.10%     68.96% |       35956      3.11%     72.06% |       35868      3.10%     75.16% |       35871      3.10%     78.27% |       35972      3.11%     81.37% |       35967      3.11%     84.48% |       35805      3.10%     87.58% |       35740      3.09%     90.67% |       35908      3.10%     93.77% |       36006      3.11%     96.88% |       36035      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1156812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39008      3.15%      3.15% |       39087      3.16%      6.31% |       39049      3.15%      9.46% |       38974      3.15%     12.61% |       38628      3.12%     15.73% |       38638      3.12%     18.85% |       38743      3.13%     21.98% |       38850      3.14%     25.12% |       38979      3.15%     28.26% |       39265      3.17%     31.44% |       39255      3.17%     34.61% |       39090      3.16%     37.76% |       38783      3.13%     40.90% |       38644      3.12%     44.02% |       38682      3.12%     47.14% |       38675      3.12%     50.26% |       38685      3.12%     53.39% |       38778      3.13%     56.52% |       38604      3.12%     59.64% |       38547      3.11%     62.75% |       38268      3.09%     65.84% |       38227      3.09%     68.93% |       38311      3.09%     72.02% |       38506      3.11%     75.13% |       38460      3.11%     78.24% |       38589      3.12%     81.36% |       38574      3.12%     84.47% |       38502      3.11%     87.58% |       38270      3.09%     90.67% |       38286      3.09%     93.76% |       38410      3.10%     96.87% |       38795      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1238162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1426      3.01%      3.01% |        1382      2.92%      5.94% |        1388      2.93%      8.87% |        1393      2.94%     11.81% |        1446      3.06%     14.87% |        1491      3.15%     18.02% |        1445      3.05%     21.08% |        1373      2.90%     23.98% |        1385      2.93%     26.91% |        1378      2.91%     29.82% |        1454      3.07%     32.89% |        1442      3.05%     35.94% |        1491      3.15%     39.09% |        1579      3.34%     42.43% |        1564      3.31%     45.74% |        1486      3.14%     48.88% |        1444      3.05%     51.93% |        1475      3.12%     55.05% |        1568      3.31%     58.36% |        1540      3.26%     61.62% |        1619      3.42%     65.04% |        1609      3.40%     68.44% |        1615      3.41%     71.85% |        1451      3.07%     74.92% |        1469      3.11%     78.03% |        1427      3.02%     81.04% |        1490      3.15%     84.19% |        1485      3.14%     87.33% |        1566      3.31%     90.64% |        1532      3.24%     93.88% |        1516      3.20%     97.08% |        1380      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        47309                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           3      6.38%      6.38% |           2      4.26%     10.64% |           0      0.00%     10.64% |           1      2.13%     12.77% |           3      6.38%     19.15% |           1      2.13%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           0      0.00%     21.28% |           3      6.38%     27.66% |           3      6.38%     34.04% |           4      8.51%     42.55% |           0      0.00%     42.55% |           2      4.26%     46.81% |           3      6.38%     53.19% |           2      4.26%     57.45% |           1      2.13%     59.57% |           5     10.64%     70.21% |           3      6.38%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      4.26%     80.85% |           0      0.00%     80.85% |           1      2.13%     82.98% |           6     12.77%     95.74% |           2      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213697      5.30%      5.30% |      123708      3.07%      8.37% |      122454      3.04%     11.41% |      124445      3.09%     14.49% |      122127      3.03%     17.52% |      121524      3.01%     20.54% |      121677      3.02%     23.55% |      121282      3.01%     26.56% |      121777      3.02%     29.58% |      122628      3.04%     32.63% |      124599      3.09%     35.72% |      123217      3.06%     38.77% |      121707      3.02%     41.79% |      122122      3.03%     44.82% |      120623      2.99%     47.81% |      120577      2.99%     50.80% |      121383      3.01%     53.81% |      121399      3.01%     56.82% |      121821      3.02%     59.85% |      121941      3.02%     62.87% |      121892      3.02%     65.89% |      136459      3.38%     69.28% |      130144      3.23%     72.51% |      121037      3.00%     75.51% |      121138      3.00%     78.51% |      121487      3.01%     81.53% |      121119      3.00%     84.53% |      121082      3.00%     87.53% |      122213      3.03%     90.57% |      121759      3.02%     93.59% |      125513      3.11%     96.70% |      133072      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4031623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         572      3.13%      3.13% |         597      3.26%      6.39% |         573      3.13%      9.52% |         626      3.42%     12.94% |         589      3.22%     16.16% |         536      2.93%     19.09% |         508      2.78%     21.86% |         555      3.03%     24.90% |         558      3.05%     27.95% |         560      3.06%     31.01% |         577      3.15%     34.16% |         616      3.37%     37.52% |         608      3.32%     40.85% |         531      2.90%     43.75% |         529      2.89%     46.64% |         539      2.95%     49.58% |         565      3.09%     52.67% |         566      3.09%     55.77% |         586      3.20%     58.97% |         608      3.32%     62.29% |         612      3.34%     65.63% |         545      2.98%     68.61% |         529      2.89%     71.50% |         568      3.10%     74.61% |         604      3.30%     77.91% |         580      3.17%     81.08% |         577      3.15%     84.23% |         612      3.34%     87.57% |         636      3.48%     91.05% |         552      3.02%     94.07% |         541      2.96%     97.02% |         545      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        18300                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2669      3.21%      3.21% |        2576      3.09%      6.30% |        2597      3.12%      9.42% |        2515      3.02%     12.44% |        2600      3.12%     15.57% |        2539      3.05%     18.62% |        2589      3.11%     21.73% |        2707      3.25%     24.98% |        2751      3.30%     28.28% |        2618      3.14%     31.43% |        2627      3.16%     34.58% |        2570      3.09%     37.67% |        2630      3.16%     40.83% |        2562      3.08%     43.91% |        2565      3.08%     46.99% |        2605      3.13%     50.12% |        2619      3.15%     53.26% |        2585      3.11%     56.37% |        2468      2.96%     59.33% |        2513      3.02%     62.35% |        2628      3.16%     65.51% |        2688      3.23%     68.74% |        2660      3.20%     71.93% |        2624      3.15%     75.09% |        2623      3.15%     78.24% |        2648      3.18%     81.42% |        2535      3.05%     84.46% |        2522      3.03%     87.49% |        2608      3.13%     90.63% |        2538      3.05%     93.68% |        2580      3.10%     96.77% |        2685      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        83244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      6.76%      6.76% |           0      0.00%      6.76% |           0      0.00%      6.76% |           0      0.00%      6.76% |          46     22.22%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |           0      0.00%     28.99% |          50     24.15%     53.14% |          46     22.22%     75.36% |          51     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          32      2.65%      2.65% |          29      2.40%      5.05% |          38      3.14%      8.19% |          29      2.40%     10.59% |          17      1.41%     11.99% |          18      1.49%     13.48% |          25      2.07%     15.55% |          21      1.74%     17.29% |          26      2.15%     19.44% |          44      3.64%     23.08% |          74      6.12%     29.20% |          40      3.31%     32.51% |          57      4.71%     37.22% |          33      2.73%     39.95% |          27      2.23%     42.18% |          57      4.71%     46.90% |          39      3.23%     50.12% |          27      2.23%     52.36% |          33      2.73%     55.09% |          38      3.14%     58.23% |          28      2.32%     60.55% |         132     10.92%     71.46% |          71      5.87%     77.34% |          64      5.29%     82.63% |          41      3.39%     86.02% |          22      1.82%     87.84% |          44      3.64%     91.48% |          40      3.31%     94.79% |          15      1.24%     96.03% |          12      0.99%     97.02% |          17      1.41%     98.43% |          19      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          23      4.26%      4.26% |          17      3.15%      7.41% |          13      2.41%      9.81% |          13      2.41%     12.22% |          14      2.59%     14.81% |          14      2.59%     17.41% |          10      1.85%     19.26% |           8      1.48%     20.74% |          17      3.15%     23.89% |          18      3.33%     27.22% |           7      1.30%     28.52% |           8      1.48%     30.00% |          10      1.85%     31.85% |          11      2.04%     33.89% |          13      2.41%     36.30% |          17      3.15%     39.44% |          25      4.63%     44.07% |          20      3.70%     47.78% |          18      3.33%     51.11% |          16      2.96%     54.07% |          77     14.26%     68.33% |          17      3.15%     71.48% |          14      2.59%     74.07% |          21      3.89%     77.96% |          21      3.89%     81.85% |          15      2.78%     84.63% |          20      3.70%     88.33% |          14      2.59%     90.93% |           7      1.30%     92.22% |          11      2.04%     94.26% |          19      3.52%     97.78% |          12      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          540                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      2.07%      2.07% |           1      0.69%      2.76% |           9      6.21%      8.97% |           6      4.14%     13.10% |           3      2.07%     15.17% |           0      0.00%     15.17% |           3      2.07%     17.24% |           3      2.07%     19.31% |           2      1.38%     20.69% |           4      2.76%     23.45% |           3      2.07%     25.52% |           5      3.45%     28.97% |           8      5.52%     34.48% |           8      5.52%     40.00% |           5      3.45%     43.45% |           4      2.76%     46.21% |           3      2.07%     48.28% |           3      2.07%     50.34% |           2      1.38%     51.72% |           1      0.69%     52.41% |           5      3.45%     55.86% |           5      3.45%     59.31% |           8      5.52%     64.83% |           7      4.83%     69.66% |           8      5.52%     75.17% |           4      2.76%     77.93% |           6      4.14%     82.07% |           7      4.83%     86.90% |           5      3.45%     90.34% |           5      3.45%     93.79% |           4      2.76%     96.55% |           5      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       89350      3.47%      3.47% |       80546      3.13%      6.59% |       80456      3.12%      9.71% |       80191      3.11%     12.82% |       79939      3.10%     15.93% |       79883      3.10%     19.03% |       80198      3.11%     22.14% |       80334      3.12%     25.25% |       80537      3.12%     28.38% |       80717      3.13%     31.51% |       80724      3.13%     34.64% |       80464      3.12%     37.76% |       80376      3.12%     40.88% |       80177      3.11%     43.99% |       80330      3.12%     47.11% |       80391      3.12%     50.23% |       80491      3.12%     53.35% |       80519      3.12%     56.48% |       80193      3.11%     59.59% |       80037      3.11%     62.69% |       79863      3.10%     65.79% |       79979      3.10%     68.89% |       80098      3.11%     72.00% |       80138      3.11%     75.11% |       80292      3.12%     78.23% |       80495      3.12%     81.35% |       80311      3.12%     84.47% |       80025      3.10%     87.57% |       79866      3.10%     90.67% |       79907      3.10%     93.77% |       80119      3.11%     96.88% |       80465      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2577411                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           2      2.90%      7.25% |           3      4.35%     11.59% |           1      1.45%     13.04% |           1      1.45%     14.49% |           0      0.00%     14.49% |           5      7.25%     21.74% |           2      2.90%     24.64% |           2      2.90%     27.54% |           7     10.14%     37.68% |           4      5.80%     43.48% |           2      2.90%     46.38% |           2      2.90%     49.28% |           1      1.45%     50.72% |           2      2.90%     53.62% |           2      2.90%     56.52% |           2      2.90%     59.42% |           2      2.90%     62.32% |           2      2.90%     65.22% |           1      1.45%     66.67% |           3      4.35%     71.01% |           3      4.35%     75.36% |           5      7.25%     82.61% |           2      2.90%     85.51% |           2      2.90%     88.41% |           3      4.35%     92.75% |           0      0.00%     92.75% |           0      0.00%     92.75% |           3      4.35%     97.10% |           2      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         625      3.41%      3.41% |         595      3.25%      6.66% |         572      3.12%      9.79% |         623      3.40%     13.19% |         588      3.21%     16.40% |         536      2.93%     19.33% |         507      2.77%     22.10% |         553      3.02%     25.12% |         557      3.04%     28.17% |         559      3.05%     31.22% |         574      3.14%     34.35% |         614      3.35%     37.71% |         608      3.32%     41.03% |         530      2.90%     43.93% |         528      2.88%     46.81% |         538      2.94%     49.75% |         565      3.09%     52.84% |         564      3.08%     55.92% |         585      3.20%     59.11% |         607      3.32%     62.43% |         610      3.33%     65.76% |         542      2.96%     68.72% |         526      2.87%     71.59% |         565      3.09%     74.68% |         602      3.29%     77.97% |         578      3.16%     81.13% |         577      3.15%     84.28% |         611      3.34%     87.62% |         633      3.46%     91.07% |         551      3.01%     94.08% |         541      2.96%     97.04% |         542      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        18306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.77%      5.77% |           2      3.85%      9.62% |           1      1.92%     11.54% |           3      5.77%     17.31% |           1      1.92%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           1      1.92%     21.15% |           3      5.77%     26.92% |           1      1.92%     28.85% |           2      3.85%     32.69% |           3      5.77%     38.46% |           2      3.85%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      1.92%     44.23% |           1      1.92%     46.15% |           1      1.92%     48.08% |           0      0.00%     48.08% |           2      3.85%     51.92% |           1      1.92%     53.85% |           1      1.92%     55.77% |           2      3.85%     59.62% |           3      5.77%     65.38% |           3      5.77%     71.15% |           4      7.69%     78.85% |           2      3.85%     82.69% |           2      3.85%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           3      5.77%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           0      0.00%     94.23% |           3      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.70%      2.70% |           0      0.00%      2.70% |           1      2.70%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           0      0.00%      5.41% |           1      2.70%      8.11% |           2      5.41%     13.51% |           0      0.00%     13.51% |           1      2.70%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           1      2.70%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |           0      0.00%     18.92% |          25     67.57%     86.49% |           2      5.41%     91.89% |           1      2.70%     94.59% |           1      2.70%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     19.64%     19.64% |          45     80.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          21      6.56%      6.56% |          12      3.75%     10.31% |           8      2.50%     12.81% |          14      4.38%     17.19% |           8      2.50%     19.69% |          13      4.06%     23.75% |           9      2.81%     26.56% |           8      2.50%     29.06% |          17      5.31%     34.38% |           4      1.25%     35.62% |           8      2.50%     38.12% |           8      2.50%     40.63% |          10      3.12%     43.75% |          13      4.06%     47.81% |          14      4.38%     52.19% |           6      1.88%     54.06% |           5      1.56%     55.63% |           9      2.81%     58.44% |           7      2.19%     60.63% |           9      2.81%     63.44% |          13      4.06%     67.50% |           9      2.81%     70.31% |           9      2.81%     73.12% |           4      1.25%     74.37% |          15      4.69%     79.06% |          14      4.38%     83.44% |          13      4.06%     87.50% |           9      2.81%     90.31% |           7      2.19%     92.50% |           8      2.50%     95.00% |           8      2.50%     97.50% |           8      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         618      3.13%      3.13% |         571      2.89%      6.01% |         623      3.15%      9.17% |         601      3.04%     12.21% |         645      3.26%     15.47% |         595      3.01%     18.48% |         607      3.07%     21.55% |         609      3.08%     24.63% |         646      3.27%     27.90% |         579      2.93%     30.82% |         602      3.05%     33.87% |         592      2.99%     36.86% |         662      3.35%     40.21% |         602      3.05%     43.26% |         613      3.10%     46.36% |         623      3.15%     49.51% |         611      3.09%     52.60% |         613      3.10%     55.70% |         596      3.01%     58.72% |         601      3.04%     61.76% |         699      3.54%     65.29% |         681      3.44%     68.74% |         642      3.25%     71.98% |         624      3.16%     75.14% |         586      2.96%     78.10% |         606      3.07%     81.17% |         613      3.10%     84.27% |         617      3.12%     87.39% |         643      3.25%     90.64% |         608      3.08%     93.72% |         601      3.04%     96.76% |         641      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        19770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          10      3.85%      3.85% |           8      3.08%      6.92% |          10      3.85%     10.77% |          11      4.23%     15.00% |           6      2.31%     17.31% |          10      3.85%     21.15% |          11      4.23%     25.38% |           8      3.08%     28.46% |          12      4.62%     33.08% |           6      2.31%     35.38% |           7      2.69%     38.08% |           9      3.46%     41.54% |           9      3.46%     45.00% |          12      4.62%     49.62% |           6      2.31%     51.92% |           1      0.38%     52.31% |           5      1.92%     54.23% |           5      1.92%     56.15% |           2      0.77%     56.92% |           7      2.69%     59.62% |          12      4.62%     64.23% |           4      1.54%     65.77% |           8      3.08%     68.85% |           3      1.15%     70.00% |          12      4.62%     74.62% |          14      5.38%     80.00% |           8      3.08%     83.08% |          13      5.00%     88.08% |           6      2.31%     90.38% |           9      3.46%     93.85% |           8      3.08%     96.92% |           8      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2041      3.23%      3.23% |        1997      3.16%      6.39% |        1964      3.11%      9.49% |        1903      3.01%     12.51% |        1949      3.08%     15.59% |        1934      3.06%     18.65% |        1971      3.12%     21.77% |        2090      3.31%     25.07% |        2093      3.31%     28.38% |        2033      3.22%     31.60% |        2018      3.19%     34.79% |        1969      3.11%     37.91% |        1959      3.10%     41.01% |        1948      3.08%     44.09% |        1946      3.08%     47.17% |        1981      3.13%     50.30% |        2003      3.17%     53.47% |        1967      3.11%     56.58% |        1870      2.96%     59.54% |        1905      3.01%     62.55% |        1917      3.03%     65.58% |        2003      3.17%     68.75% |        2010      3.18%     71.93% |        1997      3.16%     75.09% |        2025      3.20%     78.29% |        2028      3.21%     81.50% |        1914      3.03%     84.53% |        1892      2.99%     87.52% |        1959      3.10%     90.62% |        1921      3.04%     93.66% |        1971      3.12%     96.78% |        2036      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        63214                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           4     50.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           1      2.78%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           5     13.89%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      2.78%     19.44% |           2      5.56%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2      5.56%     30.56% |           1      2.78%     33.33% |           1      2.78%     36.11% |           2      5.56%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           3      8.33%     50.00% |           3      8.33%     58.33% |           2      5.56%     63.89% |           0      0.00%     63.89% |           2      5.56%     69.44% |           0      0.00%     69.44% |           2      5.56%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2      5.56%     80.56% |           0      0.00%     80.56% |           1      2.78%     83.33% |           1      2.78%     86.11% |           3      8.33%     94.44% |           1      2.78%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        1993      2.95%      2.95% |        1916      2.84%      5.79% |        1964      2.91%      8.70% |        1946      2.88%     11.59% |        2066      3.06%     14.65% |        2032      3.01%     17.66% |        2033      3.01%     20.67% |        1895      2.81%     23.48% |        1906      2.82%     26.30% |        1848      2.74%     29.04% |        1916      2.84%     31.88% |        1949      2.89%     34.77% |        2141      3.17%     37.94% |        2120      3.14%     41.08% |        2184      3.24%     44.32% |        2141      3.17%     47.49% |        2224      3.30%     50.78% |        2163      3.20%     53.99% |        2224      3.30%     57.28% |        2209      3.27%     60.56% |        2312      3.43%     63.98% |        2245      3.33%     67.31% |        2295      3.40%     70.71% |        2190      3.24%     73.95% |        2340      3.47%     77.42% |        2218      3.29%     80.71% |        2288      3.39%     84.10% |        2209      3.27%     87.37% |        2280      3.38%     90.75% |        2151      3.19%     93.94% |        2156      3.19%     97.13% |        1936      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        67490                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2385      2.98%      2.98% |        2298      2.87%      5.85% |        2309      2.88%      8.73% |        2338      2.92%     11.65% |        2443      3.05%     14.70% |        2397      2.99%     17.69% |        2394      2.99%     20.68% |        2317      2.89%     23.57% |        2337      2.92%     26.49% |        2235      2.79%     29.28% |        2297      2.87%     32.15% |        2388      2.98%     35.13% |        2627      3.28%     38.41% |        2573      3.21%     41.62% |        2571      3.21%     44.83% |        2574      3.21%     48.04% |        2618      3.27%     51.31% |        2599      3.24%     54.56% |        2620      3.27%     57.83% |        2581      3.22%     61.05% |        2650      3.31%     64.36% |        2653      3.31%     67.67% |        2621      3.27%     70.94% |        2550      3.18%     74.13% |        2710      3.38%     77.51% |        2684      3.35%     80.86% |        2635      3.29%     84.15% |        2563      3.20%     87.35% |        2590      3.23%     90.58% |        2601      3.25%     93.83% |        2560      3.20%     97.03% |        2381      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        80099                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         453      2.51%      2.51% |         466      2.58%      5.09% |         473      2.62%      7.71% |         500      2.77%     10.49% |         525      2.91%     13.40% |         482      2.67%     16.07% |         502      2.78%     18.85% |         489      2.71%     21.56% |         477      2.64%     24.20% |         455      2.52%     26.73% |         395      2.19%     28.91% |         482      2.67%     31.59% |         582      3.23%     34.81% |         530      2.94%     37.75% |         572      3.17%     40.92% |         660      3.66%     44.58% |         744      4.12%     48.70% |         673      3.73%     52.43% |         597      3.31%     55.74% |         606      3.36%     59.10% |         611      3.39%     62.48% |         595      3.30%     65.78% |         586      3.25%     69.03% |         690      3.82%     72.85% |         760      4.21%     77.07% |         733      4.06%     81.13% |         675      3.74%     84.87% |         636      3.52%     88.39% |         581      3.22%     91.61% |         522      2.89%     94.51% |         512      2.84%     97.35% |         479      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        18043                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       51984      3.76%      3.76% |       43318      3.13%      6.89% |       43255      3.13%     10.01% |       43110      3.12%     13.13% |       42850      3.10%     16.23% |       42892      3.10%     19.33% |       42979      3.11%     22.43% |       43128      3.12%     25.55% |       43268      3.13%     28.68% |       43481      3.14%     31.82% |       43559      3.15%     34.97% |       43308      3.13%     38.10% |       43036      3.11%     41.21% |       42972      3.11%     44.31% |       42966      3.11%     47.42% |       42906      3.10%     50.52% |       42917      3.10%     53.62% |       43000      3.11%     56.73% |       42844      3.10%     59.82% |       42819      3.09%     62.92% |       42611      3.08%     66.00% |       42676      3.08%     69.08% |       42765      3.09%     72.17% |       42773      3.09%     75.26% |       42782      3.09%     78.36% |       42895      3.10%     81.46% |       42810      3.09%     84.55% |       42730      3.09%     87.64% |       42651      3.08%     90.72% |       42587      3.08%     93.80% |       42736      3.09%     96.89% |       43065      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1383673                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         958      2.84%      2.84% |         916      2.71%      5.55% |         922      2.73%      8.28% |         946      2.80%     11.08% |         998      2.95%     14.03% |         910      2.69%     16.72% |         968      2.87%     19.59% |         977      2.89%     22.48% |         997      2.95%     25.43% |         905      2.68%     28.11% |         876      2.59%     30.70% |         974      2.88%     33.59% |        1170      3.46%     37.05% |        1040      3.08%     40.13% |        1070      3.17%     43.29% |        1162      3.44%     46.73% |        1248      3.69%     50.43% |        1198      3.55%     53.97% |        1115      3.30%     57.27% |        1085      3.21%     60.49% |        1074      3.18%     63.66% |        1095      3.24%     66.91% |        1052      3.11%     70.02% |        1137      3.37%     73.38% |        1272      3.76%     77.15% |        1286      3.81%     80.96% |        1173      3.47%     84.43% |        1092      3.23%     87.66% |        1035      3.06%     90.72% |        1078      3.19%     93.91% |        1051      3.11%     97.03% |        1005      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        33785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37432      3.14%      3.14% |       37336      3.13%      6.27% |       37303      3.13%      9.40% |       37159      3.12%     12.51% |       37115      3.11%     15.62% |       37105      3.11%     18.73% |       37275      3.13%     21.86% |       37253      3.12%     24.98% |       37296      3.13%     28.11% |       37355      3.13%     31.24% |       37313      3.13%     34.37% |       37206      3.12%     37.49% |       37194      3.12%     40.61% |       37189      3.12%     43.73% |       37318      3.13%     46.85% |       37347      3.13%     49.99% |       37350      3.13%     53.12% |       37345      3.13%     56.25% |       37258      3.12%     59.37% |       37157      3.12%     62.49% |       37202      3.12%     65.61% |       37232      3.12%     68.73% |       37305      3.13%     71.86% |       37252      3.12%     74.98% |       37262      3.12%     78.10% |       37338      3.13%     81.23% |       37352      3.13%     84.37% |       37227      3.12%     87.49% |       37204      3.12%     90.61% |       37266      3.12%     93.73% |       37356      3.13%     96.86% |       37419      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1192721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          65      2.51%      2.51% |          51      1.97%      4.47% |          65      2.51%      6.98% |          67      2.58%      9.56% |          59      2.27%     11.84% |          90      3.47%     15.30% |          56      2.16%     17.46% |          66      2.54%     20.01% |          52      2.00%     22.01% |          44      1.70%     23.71% |          82      3.16%     26.87% |          81      3.12%     29.99% |          64      2.47%     32.46% |          98      3.78%     36.24% |         111      4.28%     40.52% |         103      3.97%     44.49% |          85      3.28%     47.76% |         100      3.86%     51.62% |          98      3.78%     55.40% |          90      3.47%     58.87% |          94      3.62%     62.49% |          71      2.74%     65.23% |          99      3.82%     69.04% |         104      4.01%     73.05% |         113      4.36%     77.41% |         104      4.01%     81.42% |          99      3.82%     85.24% |         105      4.05%     89.28% |          72      2.78%     92.06% |          60      2.31%     94.37% |          73      2.81%     97.19% |          73      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          82      2.84%      2.84% |          72      2.49%      5.33% |          99      3.42%      8.75% |          65      2.25%     11.00% |          65      2.25%     13.24% |          68      2.35%     15.59% |          69      2.39%     17.98% |          89      3.08%     21.06% |         105      3.63%     24.69% |         123      4.25%     28.94% |          62      2.14%     31.09% |          90      3.11%     34.20% |          99      3.42%     37.62% |          84      2.90%     40.53% |          88      3.04%     43.57% |         114      3.94%     47.51% |         109      3.77%     51.28% |          88      3.04%     54.32% |          78      2.70%     57.02% |          73      2.52%     59.54% |          93      3.22%     62.76% |         142      4.91%     67.67% |         110      3.80%     71.47% |         136      4.70%     76.18% |         114      3.94%     80.12% |          88      3.04%     83.16% |         102      3.53%     86.69% |          59      2.04%     88.73% |          86      2.97%     91.70% |          67      2.32%     94.02% |          87      3.01%     97.03% |          86      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         2892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           1      5.88%     11.76% |           1      5.88%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           0      0.00%     17.65% |           1      5.88%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           1      5.88%     29.41% |           1      5.88%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           1      5.88%     41.18% |           1      5.88%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           3     17.65%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           2     11.76%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           1      5.88%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218538      5.22%      5.22% |      128388      3.07%      8.29% |      127128      3.04%     11.33% |      129103      3.09%     14.42% |      126873      3.03%     17.45% |      126214      3.02%     20.46% |      126327      3.02%     23.48% |      126038      3.01%     26.50% |      126576      3.03%     29.52% |      127300      3.04%     32.56% |      129367      3.09%     35.66% |      127959      3.06%     38.71% |      126534      3.02%     41.74% |      126900      3.03%     44.77% |      125375      3.00%     47.77% |      125318      3.00%     50.76% |      126112      3.01%     53.78% |      126141      3.01%     56.79% |      126537      3.02%     59.82% |      126702      3.03%     62.84% |      126854      3.03%     65.88% |      141402      3.38%     69.26% |      135047      3.23%     72.48% |      125799      3.01%     75.49% |      125941      3.01%     78.50% |      126268      3.02%     81.52% |      125827      3.01%     84.52% |      125819      3.01%     87.53% |      127125      3.04%     90.57% |      126495      3.02%     93.59% |      130259      3.11%     96.71% |      137804      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4184070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           5     31.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          18      1.72%      1.72% |          22      2.10%      3.82% |          28      2.67%      6.49% |          20      1.91%      8.40% |          22      2.10%     10.50% |          24      2.29%     12.79% |          16      1.53%     14.31% |          25      2.39%     16.70% |          23      2.19%     18.89% |          30      2.86%     21.76% |          34      3.24%     25.00% |          42      4.01%     29.01% |          31      2.96%     31.97% |          52      4.96%     36.93% |          41      3.91%     40.84% |          39      3.72%     44.56% |          32      3.05%     47.61% |          34      3.24%     50.86% |          36      3.44%     54.29% |          46      4.39%     58.68% |          34      3.24%     61.93% |          35      3.34%     65.27% |          52      4.96%     70.23% |          40      3.82%     74.05% |          34      3.24%     77.29% |          39      3.72%     81.01% |          45      4.29%     85.31% |          42      4.01%     89.31% |          23      2.19%     91.51% |          29      2.77%     94.27% |          32      3.05%     97.33% |          28      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total         1048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1373      3.13%      3.13% |        1326      3.02%      6.16% |        1278      2.92%      9.07% |        1272      2.90%     11.97% |        1338      3.05%     15.03% |        1386      3.16%     18.19% |        1337      3.05%     21.24% |        1298      2.96%     24.20% |        1218      2.78%     26.98% |        1203      2.74%     29.72% |        1289      2.94%     32.66% |        1336      3.05%     35.71% |        1407      3.21%     38.92% |        1511      3.45%     42.37% |        1420      3.24%     45.61% |        1392      3.18%     48.78% |        1352      3.08%     51.86% |        1380      3.15%     55.01% |        1487      3.39%     58.41% |        1473      3.36%     61.77% |        1479      3.37%     65.14% |        1490      3.40%     68.54% |        1469      3.35%     71.89% |        1331      3.04%     74.93% |        1340      3.06%     77.98% |        1332      3.04%     81.02% |        1406      3.21%     84.23% |        1395      3.18%     87.41% |        1426      3.25%     90.66% |        1391      3.17%     93.84% |        1419      3.24%     97.07% |        1283      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        43837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          53      1.53%      1.53% |          56      1.62%      3.14% |         110      3.17%      6.32% |         121      3.49%      9.81% |         108      3.12%     12.92% |         105      3.03%     15.95% |         108      3.12%     19.07% |          75      2.16%     21.23% |         167      4.82%     26.05% |         175      5.05%     31.09% |         165      4.76%     35.85% |         106      3.06%     38.91% |          84      2.42%     41.33% |          68      1.96%     43.29% |         144      4.15%     47.45% |          94      2.71%     50.16% |          92      2.65%     52.81% |          95      2.74%     55.55% |          81      2.34%     57.89% |          67      1.93%     59.82% |         140      4.04%     63.86% |         117      3.37%     67.23% |         146      4.21%     71.45% |         120      3.46%     74.91% |         129      3.72%     78.63% |          95      2.74%     81.37% |          83      2.39%     83.76% |          90      2.60%     86.36% |         140      4.04%     90.40% |         141      4.07%     94.46% |          97      2.80%     97.26% |          95      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3467                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          53      1.53%      1.53% |          56      1.62%      3.14% |         110      3.17%      6.32% |         121      3.49%      9.81% |         108      3.12%     12.92% |         105      3.03%     15.95% |         108      3.12%     19.07% |          75      2.16%     21.23% |         167      4.82%     26.05% |         175      5.05%     31.09% |         165      4.76%     35.85% |         106      3.06%     38.91% |          84      2.42%     41.33% |          68      1.96%     43.29% |         144      4.15%     47.45% |          94      2.71%     50.16% |          92      2.65%     52.81% |          95      2.74%     55.55% |          81      2.34%     57.89% |          67      1.93%     59.82% |         140      4.04%     63.86% |         117      3.37%     67.23% |         146      4.21%     71.45% |         120      3.46%     74.91% |         129      3.72%     78.63% |          95      2.74%     81.37% |          83      2.39%     83.76% |          90      2.60%     86.36% |         140      4.04%     90.40% |         141      4.07%     94.46% |          97      2.80%     97.26% |          95      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3467                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      3.12%      3.12% |           1      1.56%      4.69% |           2      3.12%      7.81% |           4      6.25%     14.06% |           3      4.69%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           2      3.12%     21.88% |           1      1.56%     23.44% |           4      6.25%     29.69% |           3      4.69%     34.38% |           4      6.25%     40.62% |           2      3.12%     43.75% |           3      4.69%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |           2      3.12%     51.56% |           4      6.25%     57.81% |           2      3.12%     60.94% |           2      3.12%     64.06% |           3      4.69%     68.75% |           1      1.56%     70.31% |           2      3.12%     73.44% |           3      4.69%     78.12% |           2      3.12%     81.25% |           3      4.69%     85.94% |           2      3.12%     89.06% |           0      0.00%     89.06% |           1      1.56%     90.62% |           3      4.69%     95.31% |           3      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1373      3.13%      3.13% |        1326      3.02%      6.16% |        1278      2.92%      9.07% |        1272      2.90%     11.97% |        1338      3.05%     15.02% |        1386      3.16%     18.19% |        1337      3.05%     21.24% |        1298      2.96%     24.20% |        1218      2.78%     26.97% |        1203      2.74%     29.72% |        1289      2.94%     32.66% |        1336      3.05%     35.71% |        1407      3.21%     38.91% |        1511      3.45%     42.36% |        1420      3.24%     45.60% |        1392      3.18%     48.78% |        1352      3.08%     51.86% |        1380      3.15%     55.01% |        1487      3.39%     58.40% |        1473      3.36%     61.76% |        1479      3.37%     65.13% |        1492      3.40%     68.53% |        1469      3.35%     71.89% |        1331      3.04%     74.92% |        1340      3.06%     77.98% |        1332      3.04%     81.02% |        1407      3.21%     84.23% |        1395      3.18%     87.41% |        1426      3.25%     90.66% |        1391      3.17%     93.83% |        1419      3.24%     97.07% |        1285      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        43842                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      460033     19.50%     19.50% |     1179660     50.00%     69.50% |       91228      3.87%     73.37% |       95179      4.03%     77.40% |       89191      3.78%     81.18% |       92745      3.93%     85.11% |       89524      3.79%     88.91% |       96473      4.09%     92.99% |       82056      3.48%     96.47% |       83231      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2359320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      460033     19.50%     19.50% |     1179660     50.00%     69.50% |       91228      3.87%     73.37% |       95179      4.03%     77.40% |       89191      3.78%     81.18% |       92745      3.93%     85.11% |       89524      3.79%     88.91% |       96473      4.09%     92.99% |       82056      3.48%     96.47% |       83231      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2359320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      460033     19.50%     19.50% |     1179660     50.00%     69.50% |       91228      3.87%     73.37% |       95179      4.03%     77.40% |       89191      3.78%     81.18% |       92745      3.93%     85.11% |       89524      3.79%     88.91% |       96473      4.09%     92.99% |       82056      3.48%     96.47% |       83231      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2359320                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      460033     19.50%     19.50% |     1179660     50.00%     69.50% |       91228      3.87%     73.37% |       95179      4.03%     77.40% |       89191      3.78%     81.18% |       92745      3.93%     85.11% |       89524      3.79%     88.91% |       96473      4.09%     92.99% |       82056      3.48%     96.47% |       83231      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2359320                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
