
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059818                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59818118000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5235986196500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  45663                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68593660                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4817636                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   872.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    39821251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70826677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14034496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14034496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4007680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234619484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234619484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     66997761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            66997761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    301617246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           301617246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14032768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4007552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14034496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4007680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            13998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      691                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      325                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  59817626500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219289                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 160208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  11529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                     53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        85970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.837664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   135.225030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   238.655590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41971     48.82%     48.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17820     20.73%     69.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14892     17.32%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2639      3.07%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1800      2.09%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1267      1.47%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1062      1.24%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          946      1.10%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3573      4.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        85970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.747918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.680253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11896     97.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          180      1.47%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           78      0.64%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           34      0.28%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           33      0.27%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.113343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.078063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.859538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12137     99.11%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            37      0.30%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           17      0.14%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           55      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3083157302                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             7194319802                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1096310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14061.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32811.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      234.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       67.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   234.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    67.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  157442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  38462                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    212187.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10801052500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1997320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    47015873750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              328761720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              321141240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              179383875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              175225875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             862485000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             847649400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205694640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200070000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        25661476665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        24955044030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13378472250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13998150000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          44523032070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          44404038465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          744.355151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          742.365765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13851072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13851072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3840704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60011                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    231553122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            231553122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64206366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            64206366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295759489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           295759489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216423                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60011                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60011                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13849792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3840448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13851072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3840704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      446                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      241                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59817367500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216423                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60011                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 157984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  42846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  11064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                     67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        81675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.582896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.837660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.301480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38729     47.42%     47.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17081     20.91%     68.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14474     17.72%     86.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2603      3.19%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1856      2.27%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1298      1.59%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1047      1.28%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          946      1.16%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3641      4.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        81675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.281050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    78.335687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11398     97.16%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          155      1.32%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           78      0.66%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           41      0.35%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           31      0.26%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      0.09%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.115250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.080763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.840786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11612     98.99%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            54      0.46%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           47      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2855105853                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             6912662103                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1082015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13193.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31943.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      231.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       64.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   231.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    64.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  156009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  38720                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    216389.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11224692750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1997320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    46593016250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              312961320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              304501680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              170762625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              166146750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851549400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836292600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197549280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        25347107700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        24382312875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13654234500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14500545750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          44440922745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          44287853655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          742.982412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.423337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13851968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13851968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3841920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    231568101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            231568101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64226695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            64226695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    295794796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           295794796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216437                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216437                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13851200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3841728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13851968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3841920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      446                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      256                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  59817414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216437                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 158338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  42442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  11044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        81631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.733349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   138.815392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.479156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38821     47.56%     47.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16757     20.53%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14619     17.91%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2618      3.21%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1853      2.27%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1322      1.62%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1044      1.28%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      1.18%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3633      4.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        81631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.281798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.702051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11410     97.14%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          152      1.29%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           77      0.66%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           44      0.37%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           34      0.29%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      0.13%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.110421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.076431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.837996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11633     99.04%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            47      0.40%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           18      0.15%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           48      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  2891379397                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             6949348147                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1082125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13359.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32109.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      231.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       64.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   231.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    64.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  156055                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  38759                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    216363.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11129206000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1997320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    46688660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              313052040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              304070760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              170812125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              165911625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851682000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836331600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197594640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        25326733905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        24542933175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13672106250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14359650750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          44438738880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          44307036150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          742.945901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          740.744039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13837184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13837184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3838464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    231320952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            231320952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64168920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            64168920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    295489871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           295489871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216207                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13836544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3838464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13837248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3838464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      470                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      257                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  59817372500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216207                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 157454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  42380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  11456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        81389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.159960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   139.003338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.025451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38691     47.54%     47.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16560     20.35%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14732     18.10%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2597      3.19%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1861      2.29%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1270      1.56%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1065      1.31%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          937      1.15%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3676      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        81389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.301756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.181274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11389     97.11%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          156      1.33%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           79      0.67%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           43      0.37%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           28      0.24%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           19      0.16%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.113915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.079871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.837928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11616     99.05%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            51      0.43%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           10      0.09%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           51      0.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  2934627150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             6988302150                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1080980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13573.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32323.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      231.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       64.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   231.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    64.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  155994                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  38786                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    216586.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11024451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1997320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    46794128250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              311275440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              304025400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              169842750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              165886875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             850324800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835933800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197251200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191393280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3906757920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        25246839285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        24339056715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13742189250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14538489750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          44424480645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          44281543740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          742.707526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          740.317846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              454540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7472754                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.457186                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.085250                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.034155                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7455339     99.77%     99.77% |       15155      0.20%     99.97% |        1645      0.02%     99.99% |         523      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7472754                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     20915537                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.638439                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.450262                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.975810                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    20050467     95.86%     95.86% |      852821      4.08%     99.94% |        5930      0.03%     99.97% |        1482      0.01%     99.98% |        1425      0.01%     99.98% |         647      0.00%     99.99% |         472      0.00%     99.99% |         514      0.00%     99.99% |        1779      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      20915537                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            20915534                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.509568                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.777158                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             51.328631                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    20913333     99.99%     99.99% |        1636      0.01%    100.00% |         448      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              20915534                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        19690334                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000240                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015515                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19685607     99.98%     99.98% |        4724      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          19690334                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225200                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        182.406212                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       152.932388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       121.140382                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1222999     99.82%     99.82% |        1636      0.13%     99.95% |         448      0.04%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225200                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         814520                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       814520                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     14132453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     14573666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      4759356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4883649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111462                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22672                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52979                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1887843                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45278                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       101783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        96719                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       198502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3106                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99476                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99729                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           75                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99852                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       180476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       179532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       178892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           91                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52951                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30737                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11086                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36168                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35792                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38523                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36536                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36425                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10203                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27174                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9542                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27130                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8681                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35797                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10410                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27175                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          175                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9340315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9340315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9415873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9340315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4617151                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4615531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9340315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.078073                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5726931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5726931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5771281                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5726931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3760762                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3754051                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5726931                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.047870                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4240843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4240843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4272847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4240843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2058976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2057235                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4240843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.035448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3755189                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3755189                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3781698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3755189                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1939738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1938797                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3755189                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.031388                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4038765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4038765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4058891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4038765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2437489                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2435033                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4038765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.033759                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3751631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3751631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3769906                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3751631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2169503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2168811                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3751631                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.031359                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4822756                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4822756                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4856586                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4822756                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2082965                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082404                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4822756                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.040312                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3720726                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3720726                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3746023                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3720726                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1810603                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1809982                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3720726                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.031100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2536024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2536024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2546796                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2536024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1324929                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1324568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2536024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021198                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2956277                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2956277                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2968642                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2956277                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1646808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646273                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2956277                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.024711                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2063841                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2063841                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2069850                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2063841                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       910174                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       910061                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2063841                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1733190                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1733190                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1735753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1733190                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785402                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1733190                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.014487                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1991556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1991556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1995025                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1991556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1010981                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1010836                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1991556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.016647                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1768796                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1768796                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1771605                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1768796                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801081                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       801004                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1768795                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.014785                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1062358                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1062358                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1064470                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1062358                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       454702                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       454658                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1062358                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.008880                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1495762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1495762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1500088                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1495762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       676379                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       676246                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1495762                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.012503                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2035667                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2035667                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2041239                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2035667                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       821962                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       821851                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2035667                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.017015                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1618430                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1618430                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622258                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1618430                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       689047                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       688966                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1618430                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.013528                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1513126                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       707600                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       707425                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1507661                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.012602                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       891088                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       891088                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       893720                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       891088                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       398364                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       398296                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       891088                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.007448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       888939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       888939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       889384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       888939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       451741                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       451739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       888939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       985018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       985018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       985653                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       541377                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       541302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       985018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008233                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       948230                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       948230                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       949042                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       948230                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       474099                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       474066                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       948230                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.007926                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       273788                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       590392                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004935                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       848857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       848857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       849296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       848857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       407399                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       407393                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       848857                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007095                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       972546                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       530191                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       530095                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       971843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008123                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       934804                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       934804                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       935517                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       934804                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       462296                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       462264                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       934804                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.007814                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       597354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       597354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       597354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       597354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       275534                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       275534                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       597354                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004993                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3855746                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3855746                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3899398                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3855746                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1880882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1879918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3855746                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.032229                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3674295                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3674295                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3705320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674295                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1735346                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1734627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3674295                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.030712                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3761469                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3761469                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3794019                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3761469                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1696866                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1695837                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3761469                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.031441                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3820574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3820574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3852775                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3820574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1770273                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1769394                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3820574                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.031935                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6348819     29.35%     29.35% |    14162056     65.46%     94.81% |     1123581      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21634456                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6348821     29.35%     29.35% |    14162057     65.46%     94.81% |     1123581      5.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21634459                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   154809274                       |   334727053                       |    25524748                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15332270                       |    45470234                       |     1124313                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.383948                       |   23.635484                       |   22.717319                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.414980                       |    3.210709                       |    1.000651                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.807443                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.862416                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.669859                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002838                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.061991      7.09%      7.09% |    0.062172      7.11%     14.21% |    0.061968      7.09%     21.29% |    0.062114      7.11%     28.40% |    0.144462     16.53%     44.93% |    0.144336     16.51%     61.44% |    0.144467     16.53%     77.97% |    0.144345     16.51%     94.48% |    0.012050      1.38%     95.86% |    0.012055      1.38%     97.24% |    0.012053      1.38%     98.62% |    0.012053      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.874064                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.021663                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022614                       |    0.000002                       |    0.002797                       |    0.002142                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002135                       |    0.002143                       |    0.002131                       |    0.002128                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004926                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002467                       |    0.002474                       |    0.002483                       |    0.002455                       |    0.002432                       |    0.002397                       |    0.002523                       |    0.002511                       |    0.002558                       |    0.002494                       |    0.002458                       |    0.002446                       |    0.002430                       |    0.002417                       |    0.002567                       |    0.002465                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002447                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002419                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002452                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002466                       |    0.002501                       |    0.002490                       |    0.002603                       |    0.002642                       |    0.010984                       |    0.010838                       |    0.010839                       |    0.010827                       |    0.000205                       |           0                       |    0.000637                       |    0.007449                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000864                       |    0.000846                       |    0.000859                       |    0.000846                       |    0.000864                       |    0.000814                       |    0.000817                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002564                       |    0.000207                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002662                       |    0.001998                       |    0.004020                       |    0.002592                       |    0.000814                       |    0.003667                       |    0.007093                       |    0.003011                       |           0                       |    0.002591                       |    0.005545                       |           0                       |    0.008224                       |    0.012135                       |    0.003734                       |    0.004845                       |    0.002556                       |    0.000901                       |    0.007809                       |    0.008468                       |    0.010869                       |    0.004040                       |    0.002541                       |    0.000864                       |    0.010281                       |    0.006717                       |    0.006945                       |           0                       |    0.002534                       |    0.005410                       |           0                       |    0.011225                       |    0.007143                       |    0.004401                       |           0                       |    0.002554                       |           0                       |    0.005007                       |    0.003576                       |    0.003350                       |           0                       |    0.002582                       |           0                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002000                       |           0                       |    0.002541                       |           0                       |    0.001102                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002133                       |    0.004018                       |    0.002545                       |    0.000817                       |    0.004844                       |    0.003415                       |    0.006894                       |    0.002178                       |    0.004029                       |    0.002567                       |    0.000846                       |    0.003841                       |    0.009528                       |    0.010022                       |    0.002925                       |    0.027428                       |    0.004233                       |    0.000637                       |    0.006867                       |    0.014735                       |    0.017772                       |    0.006402                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002564                       |    0.007449                       |    0.006215                       |    0.012319                       |    0.012998                       |    0.006321                       |    0.004029                       |    0.002525                       |    0.000859                       |    0.005660                       |    0.007860                       |    0.006777                       |    0.003650                       |           0                       |    0.002554                       |           0                       |    0.002337                       |    0.004910                       |    0.003403                       |    0.003441                       |           0                       |    0.002532                       |           0                       |    0.001006                       |    0.002452                       |    0.002133                       |           0                       |    0.002572                       |           0                       |    0.000363                       |    0.002476                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |    0.002614                       |           0                       |    0.004258                       |    0.003317                       |    0.004538                       |    0.002524                       |           0                       |    0.002654                       |    0.005410                       |           0                       |    0.002931                       |    0.008037                       |    0.009906                       |    0.002503                       |    0.004029                       |    0.002522                       |    0.000846                       |    0.016687                       |    0.007523                       |    0.006088                       |    0.002618                       |    0.004040                       |    0.002503                       |    0.000864                       |    0.005329                       |    0.010275                       |    0.005563                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002647                       |    0.005405                       |           0                       |    0.003601                       |    0.011274                       |    0.006440                       |    0.002569                       |           0                       |    0.002513                       |           0                       |    0.001609                       |    0.004904                       |    0.003223                       |    0.002536                       |           0                       |    0.002561                       |           0                       |    0.000268                       |    0.002457                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |    0.002516                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002419                       |           0                       |    0.002524                       |           0                       |    0.002003                       |           0                       |    0.004353                       |           0                       |    0.002503                       |           0                       |    0.003013                       |    0.001506                       |    0.005480                       |           0                       |    0.002618                       |           0                       |    0.008316                       |    0.003229                       |    0.002852                       |           0                       |    0.002526                       |           0                       |    0.002014                       |    0.006351                       |    0.002637                       |           0                       |    0.002569                       |           0                       |    0.004349                       |    0.005684                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002536                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004912                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002527                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002466                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.874064                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8052266                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8052266                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341362                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6149551                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5519844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.760114                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          744861                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12368588                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52693                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             9949908                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44998                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12421281                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         9994906                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  22318496                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97691                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              22416187                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4890780                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9781                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4900561                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4890780                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9781                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4900561                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112807863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17692884                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48210576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8052266                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6264705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90123039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       231616                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320604                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4890105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3938                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    109054685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.809269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         92459029     84.78%     84.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1693705      1.55%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1174001      1.08%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2678017      2.46%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1600013      1.47%     91.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           732509      0.67%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1378737      1.26%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           865625      0.79%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6473049      5.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    109054685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.427369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10428730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      86811996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5839995                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5595515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378442                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82502067                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378442                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         12528820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49792605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6485144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9027371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30842296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81088556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8087982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90574901                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     185066455                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    118269519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78087986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12486900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176843                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          34393197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7610891                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10173856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2641551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2436013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           79013287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       660594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          82159084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7817997                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12084009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62820                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    109054685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.753375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.474946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     76883860     70.50%     70.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12307731     11.29%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6453600      5.92%     87.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4681610      4.29%     92.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3488487      3.20%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3221335      2.95%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1483278      1.36%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339240      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195544      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    109054685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181154     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631799     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84556      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       273028      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59256555     72.12%     72.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28107      0.03%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.06%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12507541     15.22%     87.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     10041503     12.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       82159084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.728310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010924                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    274442694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     87499035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76015418                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       82783517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2392551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1155251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2674                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7561                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       519380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5595674                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378442                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7149495                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      34300880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     79673881                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7610891                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10173856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       651378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         632824                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33447963                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7561                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179412                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213999                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393411                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      81581445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12357740                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             22322448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6487153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            9964708                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.723189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76095890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              76015454                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          45988065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          76214254                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.673849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.603405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8834770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       597774                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354454                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107662704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.657857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.646131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     84698079     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8004332      7.43%     86.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4376346      4.06%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2461744      2.29%     92.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2646366      2.46%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2087654      1.94%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480915      0.45%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482950      0.45%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2424318      2.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107662704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     39821250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       70826674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               16110111                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6455636                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6105441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          70452417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       666076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159035      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54479780     76.92%     77.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26906      0.04%     77.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.07%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6455636      9.11%     86.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      9654475     13.63%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     70826674                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2424318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            184825746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           160721225                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85291                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3753178                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            39821250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              70826674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.832856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.832856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.353001                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.353001                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        120441984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        59234518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          29768573                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24630227                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        35474106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10719790000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            10719789999.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3408189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        25.990652                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.215866                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.600206                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3390857     99.49%     99.49% |       15087      0.44%     99.93% |        1632      0.05%     99.98% |         521      0.02%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3408189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4039157                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.026392                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.989960                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.508522                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2873301     71.14%     71.14% |     1165773     28.86%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4039157                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         25408                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.383147                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.903850                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.879932                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         783      3.08%      3.08% |        3487     13.72%     16.81% |       11464     45.12%     61.93% |        5101     20.08%     82.00% |        4151     16.34%     98.34% |         358      1.41%     99.75% |          57      0.22%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           25408                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6152472                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           29.330834                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.112211                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          82.503901                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6150273     99.96%     99.96% |        1634      0.03%     99.99% |         448      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6152472                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5348515                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000456                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023021                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5345690     99.95%     99.95% |        2823      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5348515                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803957                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.499450                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    177.090469                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    129.595887                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      801758     99.73%     99.73% |        1634      0.20%     99.93% |         448      0.06%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803957                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          9721833                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.806496                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.362061                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          31.544577                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     9532616     98.05%     98.05% |      166887      1.72%     99.77% |       19079      0.20%     99.97% |         286      0.00%     99.97% |        1290      0.01%     99.98% |        1490      0.02%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            9721833                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      9434180                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000189                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000163                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.013738                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9432402     99.98%     99.98% |        1777      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        9434180                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.439384                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.855745                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.579001                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98436     34.22%     34.22% |      166887     58.02%     92.24% |       19079      6.63%     98.87% |         286      0.10%     98.97% |        1290      0.45%     99.42% |        1490      0.52%     99.94% |         180      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4883647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.085370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.256283                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      15.692571                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4869989     99.72%     99.72% |       11247      0.23%     99.95% |        2155      0.04%     99.99% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4883647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      4759356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000458                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4759355    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      4759356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.938427                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.154277                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.972506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110633     89.01%     89.01% |       11247      9.05%     98.06% |        2155      1.73%     99.79% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          91      0.07%     99.90% |         104      0.08%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156276                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.753532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.647820                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.174257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154295     98.73%     98.73% |        1526      0.98%     99.71% |         395      0.25%     99.96% |          20      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156276                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146884     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.991693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.739967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.636081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.63%     78.63% |        1526     16.46%     95.09% |         395      4.26%     99.35% |          20      0.22%     99.57% |          19      0.20%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13459                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       590667                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62693                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    54639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     7417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   109011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     7456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    54632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     8132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   108830                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    7423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  108708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    7455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   54628                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7419                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                  108954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    7455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   54679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    7413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  109025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    7458                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   54668                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    8137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                  108674                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7460                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   54747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    6696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                  109216                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    7453                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   54728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    6698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                  108545                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    7457                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    135                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    148                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    738                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   870                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    97                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    94                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                   143                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   709                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                   128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    99                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   728                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                   126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       96                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       98                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      84                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      93                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      67                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      95                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      20                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                     104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                     105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              109568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              109824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                8280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses              109440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses              109952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               55456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                6824                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses              109312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                7552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  318807                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  212341                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  383059                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  219323                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  117832                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  193911                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  347769                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  190288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                  106203                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 216048                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 386401                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 222846                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                 117987                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               31026288                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               31162021                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31032944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               30937221                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               31036290                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31199454                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31049540                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30945157                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31025897                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31181675                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31028149                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30936165                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31064969                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles               31219586                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles               31068404                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles               30970792                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles               30827384                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles               31044255                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles               31193491                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles               31054359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles               30957492                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 108416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   3456                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 108672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   3672                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                 108288                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                 108800                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  54304                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   3240                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                 108160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   6400                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  4608                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  3584                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                  1152                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                53502                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 3343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 6304                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 3548                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits               107690                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 6305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               53495                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                3342                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              107575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                6303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               53485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3340                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits              107830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                6303                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               53527                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                3339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits              107875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                6306                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               53525                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                3550                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits              107526                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                6308                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               53595                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                3132                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits              108069                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                6301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               53576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                3129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits              107403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                6305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                802                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 96                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                124                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                726                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               809                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               819                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                97                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               777                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                94                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               779                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses               122                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                92                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses               108                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               731                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                99                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses               111                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               757                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                95                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8907                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                1137                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                1134                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4584                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                1140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               1151                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               4081                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               1133                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               4079                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               1124                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4074                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               1150                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               1143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               4587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               1148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               3564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits               1147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               3569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits               1142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits               1152                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               309                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                18                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               19                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               17                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses               28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               22                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               20                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses               10                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 748547                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8686462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                1182502                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8915672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 697503                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                8639232                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1205672                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                9035710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 682743                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8649652                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               1179775                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8825924                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                696851                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               8608470                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               1137451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               8818333                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                675017                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               8635891                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               1170659                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               8759156                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                695469                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               8558988                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1189968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               8756794                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                671275                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9288881                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles               1163376                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               9304073                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                737477                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               9029580                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles               1128369                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               9068142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                712565                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    408                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    360                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                612970                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               8602374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1125855                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               8828693                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                672064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               8556612                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1155673                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               8950058                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                659094                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              8565621                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1122613                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              8739024                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               670546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              8525819                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              1088193                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              8732447                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               651086                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              8551872                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              1113130                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              8672329                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               670556                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              8476358                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1139121                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              8671256                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               647696                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9201741                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles              1104099                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              9213939                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               707309                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              8944056                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles              1073228                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              8979594                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               685491                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             268240                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             572197                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             461547                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             577248                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              93873                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             569368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             434245                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             577215                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              96785                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            573445                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            466075                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            577949                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             97273                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            572001                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            412794                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            577019                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             94527                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            570579                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            452847                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            577321                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             95821                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            569861                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            442312                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            579059                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             96777                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            574895                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            462379                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            577284                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             98497                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            573066                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            437498                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            578926                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             95745                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               932801                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               112660                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               115790                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               120491                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               101117                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               104841                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               109439                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              113364                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              117247                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              120239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              101367                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              105854                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              109028                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              113325                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              115654                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              120821                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              101896                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              104850                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              108646                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              137556                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles              142552                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles              143662                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles              125069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles              128151                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles              131493                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           612970                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          8602374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1125855                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          8828693                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           672064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          8556612                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1155673                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          8950058                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           659094                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         8565621                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1122613                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         8739024                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          670546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         8525819                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         1088193                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         8732447                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          651086                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         8551872                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         1113130                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         8672329                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          670556                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         8476358                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1139121                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         8671256                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          647696                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9201741                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time         1104099                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         9213939                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          707309                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         8944056                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time         1073228                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         8979594                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          685491                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263029                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        572197                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        461349                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        577248                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         93435                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        569368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        433537                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        577215                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         96572                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       573445                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       465733                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       577949                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        96897                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       572001                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       412550                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       577019                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        94142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       570579                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       452648                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       577321                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        95458                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       569861                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       441720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       579059                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        96353                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       574895                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       461888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       577284                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        98193                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       573066                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       436812                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       578926                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        95461                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          614043                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          112660                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          115790                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          119599                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          101117                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          104841                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          108637                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         113364                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         117247                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         119347                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         101367                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         105854                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         108226                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         113325                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         115654                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         119929                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         101896                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         104850                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         107844                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         137556                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time         142552                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time         142590                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time         125069                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time         128151                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time         130510                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             748290                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8616718                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            1125855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            8843850                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             687175                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            8569488                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1155673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            8963898                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             672808                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           8579908                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           1122613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8754107                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            685509                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           8538726                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           1088193                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           8746511                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            664824                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           8566147                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           1113130                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           8687334                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            685448                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           8489244                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1139121                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           8684982                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            661479                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9219137                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time           1104099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           9232251                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            725457                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           8959836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time           1073228                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           8996325                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            702174                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1601                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               960                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1530                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               842                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1684                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles              983                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1727                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              934                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             1651                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1043                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1561                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              973                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             1735                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1163                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             1652                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1203                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         103381308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         104208553                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         108842597                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         103381304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         104208549                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         108842593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        103381310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        104208555                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        108842599                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        103381306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        104208551                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        108842595                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98680252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        103381315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        104208560                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        108842604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98680248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        103381311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        104208556                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        108842600                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98680264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        103381327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        104208572                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        108842616                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98680260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        103381323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        104208568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        108842612                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11257984                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         15337514                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11223422                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         14883447                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10767983                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         15308235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11229084                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles         14889425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         10762138                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        15291733                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles        11221909                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        14853129                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles        10767213                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles        15280529                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11229805                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles        14834099                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        10757595                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        15244209                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles        11228736                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        14802732                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles        10766887                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles        15239714                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11216583                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles        14800885                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        10753829                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        15548371                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles        11237633                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles        15088417                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles        10785876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles        15436791                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles        11232530                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles        14997209                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles        10776519                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               739                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              105                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              821                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               73                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              730                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              115                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              746                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               71                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              665                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0              100                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              677                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               98                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               74                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              1134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1129                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             1142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             1133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             1127                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             4014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1124                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             1143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             4523                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             1148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             3488                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1             1147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1             1145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             3492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1             1135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1             1152                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2979                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             38877                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             47756                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             38979                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             48869                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2611                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            38999                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            47436                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            39055                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             3035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            48813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            39057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            47459                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             2548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            39170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3234                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            48727                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             2612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            38880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             2844                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            44728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             2422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            38679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             2841                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            45158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             2547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            2321                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            2145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles            2771                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1186                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            2456                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            2245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             721                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles             640                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           2254                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           2191                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           1749                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1160                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           2276                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           2091                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            720                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1138                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           1388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           2126                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           2128                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           1145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           2163                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           2169                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            712                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1158                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           1768                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           2496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           3120                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1140                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           1275                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           2557                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           2496                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1078                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216437     24.93%     75.10% |      216207     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56724     25.90%     25.90% |       54109     24.70%     50.60% |       54124     24.71%     75.31% |       54069     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219289     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216437     24.92%     75.10% |      216206     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868355                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62620     25.81%     25.81% |       60011     24.73%     50.54% |       60030     24.74%     75.28% |       59976     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154122     25.00%     50.03% |      154121     25.00%     75.03% |      153946     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       616535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216437     24.93%     75.10% |      216207     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154346     25.03%     25.03% |      154122     25.00%     50.03% |      154121     25.00%     75.03% |      153946     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       616535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219262     25.25%     25.25% |      216423     24.92%     50.18% |      216437     24.93%     75.10% |      216206     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56469     25.88%     25.88% |       53915     24.71%     50.59% |       53934     24.72%     75.31% |       53880     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4764265     77.42%     77.42% |          76      0.00%     77.43% |      181859      2.96%     80.38% |      172603      2.80%     83.19% |      172387      2.80%     85.99% |      172643      2.81%     88.79% |      172643      2.81%     91.60% |      172475      2.80%     94.40% |      172555      2.80%     97.21% |      171915      2.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6153421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4883713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4883713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     9811839     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |       16643      0.17%     99.47% |        8001      0.08%     99.55% |        7489      0.08%     99.63% |        7489      0.08%     99.70% |        7489      0.08%     99.78% |        8001      0.08%     99.86% |        6977      0.07%     99.93% |        6977      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      9880905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15738     73.22%     73.22% |          71      0.33%     73.55% |        2319     10.79%     84.34% |         490      2.28%     86.62% |         479      2.23%     88.85% |         480      2.23%     91.09% |         487      2.27%     93.35% |         501      2.33%     95.68% |         445      2.07%     97.75% |         483      2.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        21493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561698     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |       96182      7.90%     54.06% |       80100      6.58%     60.64% |       79863      6.56%     67.20% |       79863      6.56%     73.76% |       79866      6.56%     80.32% |       80085      6.58%     86.91% |       79714      6.55%     93.46% |       79650      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1217021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7      0.71%      0.71% |         136     13.85%     14.56% |         134     13.65%     28.21% |         134     13.65%     41.85% |         134     13.65%     55.50% |         138     14.05%     69.55% |         165     16.80%     86.35% |         134     13.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.48%      0.48% |           3      0.10%      0.58% |          78      2.66%      3.24% |         409     13.94%     17.18% |         410     13.98%     31.16% |         407     13.88%     45.04% |         412     14.05%     59.09% |         424     14.46%     73.54% |         371     12.65%     86.19% |         405     13.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     87.50%     87.50% |           4      5.56%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           2      2.78%     95.83% |           2      2.78%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154470     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79911     10.01%     40.10% |       79730      9.99%     50.09% |       79731      9.99%     60.08% |       79725      9.99%     70.06% |       79915     10.01%     80.07% |       79533      9.96%     90.04% |       79530      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       798288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2270     77.40%     77.87% |         100      3.41%     81.28% |          95      3.24%     84.52% |          91      3.10%     87.62% |          89      3.03%     90.66% |          98      3.34%     94.00% |          89      3.03%     97.03% |          87      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      411011     96.99%     96.99% |           0      0.00%     96.99% |        8690      2.05%     99.04% |         606      0.14%     99.19% |         559      0.13%     99.32% |         562      0.13%     99.45% |         573      0.14%     99.59% |         591      0.14%     99.73% |         608      0.14%     99.87% |         555      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.50%     37.50% |          17      9.24%     46.74% |          16      8.70%     55.43% |          16      8.70%     64.13% |          16      8.70%     72.83% |          18      9.78%     82.61% |          17      9.24%     91.85% |          15      8.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          21      9.38%     54.02% |          16      7.14%     61.16% |          16      7.14%     68.30% |          16      7.14%     75.45% |          20      8.93%     84.37% |          19      8.48%     92.86% |          16      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438209     40.39%     40.39% |           0      0.00%     40.39% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79211      7.30%     56.32% |       79004      7.28%     63.61% |       79001      7.28%     70.89% |       78997      7.28%     78.17% |       79199      7.30%     85.47% |       78813      7.27%     92.74% |       78789      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1084815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153611     19.14%     19.14% |          38      0.00%     19.15% |       88206     10.99%     30.14% |       80277     10.00%     40.15% |       80066      9.98%     50.12% |       80073      9.98%     60.10% |       80069      9.98%     70.08% |       80262     10.00%     80.09% |       79919      9.96%     90.05% |       79874      9.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286063     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8488      2.86%     99.26% |         335      0.11%     99.38% |         309      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         335      0.11%     99.80% |         307      0.10%     99.90% |         288      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11272     67.32%     67.32% |           0      0.00%     67.32% |        2296     13.71%     81.04% |         463      2.77%     83.80% |         452      2.70%     86.50% |         454      2.71%     89.21% |         463      2.77%     91.98% |         472      2.82%     94.80% |         417      2.49%     97.29% |         454      2.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        16743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1456     93.15%     93.15% |          38      2.43%     95.59% |           9      0.58%     96.16% |           9      0.58%     96.74% |           9      0.58%     97.31% |           9      0.58%     97.89% |           9      0.58%     98.46% |           9      0.58%     99.04% |           6      0.38%     99.42% |           9      0.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1361    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          62     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           2      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         826     42.89%     42.89% |           0      0.00%     42.89% |          18      0.93%     43.82% |         151      7.84%     51.66% |         149      7.74%     59.40% |         148      7.68%     67.08% |         146      7.58%     74.66% |         155      8.05%     82.71% |         184      9.55%     92.26% |         149      7.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       87838     12.34%     14.06% |       87343     12.27%     26.33% |       87321     12.27%     38.60% |       87480     12.29%     50.89% |       87599     12.31%     63.20% |       87201     12.25%     75.45% |       87653     12.31%     87.76% |       87091     12.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4759356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      4759356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.82%     13.82% |           0      0.00%     13.82% |          16     10.53%     24.34% |          17     11.18%     35.53% |          16     10.53%     46.05% |          16     10.53%     56.58% |          16     10.53%     67.11% |          18     11.84%     78.95% |          17     11.18%     90.13% |          15      9.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2220     90.72%     90.72% |          14      0.57%     91.30% |          23      0.94%     92.24% |          27      1.10%     93.34% |          27      1.10%     94.44% |          26      1.06%     95.50% |          24      0.98%     96.49% |          29      1.19%     97.67% |          28      1.14%     98.81% |          29      1.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122547     94.15%     94.15% |           0      0.00%     94.15% |        2572      1.98%     96.12% |         738      0.57%     96.69% |         710      0.55%     97.24% |         714      0.55%     97.79% |         723      0.56%     98.34% |         731      0.56%     98.90% |         717      0.55%     99.45% |         712      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       130164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1595978     97.62%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |        5581      0.34%     97.96% |        4750      0.29%     98.25% |        4767      0.29%     98.54% |        4856      0.30%     98.84% |        4742      0.29%     99.13% |        4778      0.29%     99.42% |        4753      0.29%     99.71% |        4716      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1634921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25197     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        3074      6.19%     56.93% |        3065      6.17%     63.10% |        3059      6.16%     69.26% |        3066      6.17%     75.43% |        3059      6.16%     81.59% |        3064      6.17%     87.76% |        3031      6.10%     93.86% |        3048      6.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1945     97.15%     97.15% |          57      2.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127209     17.10%     17.10% |           0      0.00%     17.10% |       82416     11.08%     28.18% |       76516     10.29%     38.46% |       76341     10.26%     48.73% |       76338     10.26%     58.99% |       76338     10.26%     69.25% |       76511     10.28%     79.53% |       76084     10.23%     89.76% |       76158     10.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       743911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         127     13.88%     13.88% |         126     13.77%     27.65% |         126     13.77%     41.42% |         126     13.77%     55.19% |         126     13.77%     68.96% |         158     17.27%     86.23% |         126     13.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.17%      0.17% |           3      0.50%      0.66% |          64     10.60%     11.26% |          77     12.75%     24.01% |          78     12.91%     36.92% |          75     12.42%     49.34% |          76     12.58%     61.92% |          88     14.57%     76.49% |          70     11.59%     88.08% |          72     11.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3000027     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         225      0.01%     99.95% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         224      0.01%     99.96% |         225      0.01%     99.97% |         224      0.01%     99.98% |         225      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%     99.99% |         225      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3001823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     9499006     99.65%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |        5065      0.05%     99.70% |        4584      0.05%     99.75% |        4105      0.04%     99.79% |        4105      0.04%     99.83% |        4105      0.04%     99.88% |        4584      0.05%     99.92% |        3622      0.04%     99.96% |        3624      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      9532800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311000     91.23%     91.23% |           0      0.00%     91.23% |       11176      3.28%     94.51% |        2695      0.79%     95.30% |        2663      0.78%     96.08% |        2663      0.78%     96.86% |        2659      0.78%     97.64% |        2688      0.79%     98.43% |        2729      0.80%     99.23% |        2631      0.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       340904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     10.45%     10.45% |           9     13.43%     23.88% |           8     11.94%     35.82% |           8     11.94%     47.76% |           8     11.94%     59.70% |          12     17.91%     77.61% |           7     10.45%     88.06% |           8     11.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.56%      0.56% |           0      0.00%      0.56% |          14      0.60%      1.16% |         332     14.26%     15.41% |         332     14.26%     29.67% |         332     14.26%     43.92% |         336     14.43%     58.35% |         336     14.43%     72.78% |         301     12.92%     85.70% |         333     14.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154470     19.35%     19.35% |          63      0.01%     19.36% |       85680     10.73%     30.09% |       79911     10.01%     40.10% |       79730      9.99%     50.09% |       79731      9.99%     60.08% |       79725      9.99%     70.06% |       79915     10.01%     80.07% |       79533      9.96%     90.04% |       79530      9.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       798288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.03%      0.03% |          13      0.44%      0.48% |        2270     77.40%     77.87% |         100      3.41%     81.28% |          95      3.24%     84.52% |          91      3.10%     87.62% |          89      3.03%     90.66% |          98      3.34%     94.00% |          89      3.03%     97.03% |          87      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124886     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |         265      0.21%     98.52% |         275      0.22%     98.74% |         250      0.20%     98.94% |         260      0.20%     99.14% |         264      0.21%     99.35% |         258      0.20%     99.55% |         303      0.24%     99.79% |         266      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       127027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          63     87.50%     87.50% |           4      5.56%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           0      0.00%     93.06% |           2      2.78%     95.83% |           2      2.78%     98.61% |           1      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286125     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |        8425      2.84%     99.27% |         331      0.11%     99.38% |         309      0.10%     99.48% |         302      0.10%     99.58% |         309      0.10%     99.69% |         333      0.11%     99.80% |         305      0.10%     99.90% |         289      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     37.50%     37.50% |          17      9.24%     46.74% |          16      8.70%     55.43% |          16      8.70%     64.13% |          16      8.70%     72.83% |          18      9.78%     82.61% |          17      9.24%     91.85% |          15      8.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.38%      9.38% |           0      0.00%      9.38% |          79     35.27%     44.64% |          21      9.38%     54.02% |          16      7.14%     61.16% |          16      7.14%     68.30% |          16      7.14%     75.45% |          20      8.93%     84.37% |          19      8.48%     92.86% |          16      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438209     40.39%     40.39% |           0      0.00%     40.39% |       93592      8.63%     49.02% |       79211      7.30%     56.32% |       79004      7.28%     63.61% |       79001      7.28%     70.89% |       78997      7.28%     78.17% |       79199      7.30%     85.47% |       78813      7.27%     92.74% |       78789      7.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1084815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3861      3.11%      3.11% |        3787      3.05%      6.15% |        3488      2.81%      8.96% |        3501      2.82%     11.77% |        3593      2.89%     14.66% |        3974      3.20%     17.86% |        3756      3.02%     20.88% |        3271      2.63%     23.51% |        3533      2.84%     26.35% |        5157      4.15%     30.50% |        3912      3.15%     33.65% |        3824      3.08%     36.73% |        3493      2.81%     39.54% |        4353      3.50%     43.04% |        3903      3.14%     46.18% |        3753      3.02%     49.19% |        4171      3.36%     52.55% |        4188      3.37%     55.92% |        3560      2.86%     58.78% |        3268      2.63%     61.41% |        3095      2.49%     63.90% |        3725      3.00%     66.90% |        3545      2.85%     69.75% |        3417      2.75%     72.50% |        3650      2.94%     75.43% |        3756      3.02%     78.45% |        3293      2.65%     81.10% |        4746      3.82%     84.92% |        3965      3.19%     88.11% |        5243      4.22%     92.33% |        5076      4.08%     96.41% |        4463      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124320                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64982      8.08%      8.08% |       24827      3.09%     11.17% |       23697      2.95%     14.12% |       24433      3.04%     17.16% |       23815      2.96%     20.12% |       23526      2.93%     23.05% |       23088      2.87%     25.92% |       23137      2.88%     28.79% |       24583      3.06%     31.85% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25084      3.12%     37.92% |       24511      3.05%     40.96% |       23551      2.93%     43.89% |       23281      2.90%     46.79% |       22842      2.84%     49.63% |       23174      2.88%     52.51% |       25145      3.13%     55.64% |       23720      2.95%     58.59% |       23914      2.97%     61.57% |       23903      2.97%     64.54% |       23672      2.94%     67.48% |       23622      2.94%     70.42% |       23530      2.93%     73.35% |       23266      2.89%     76.24% |       24410      3.04%     79.28% |       23619      2.94%     82.22% |       23355      2.90%     85.12% |       22900      2.85%     87.97% |       23521      2.93%     90.89% |       23070      2.87%     93.76% |       23845      2.97%     96.73% |       26297      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       803986                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14712      4.96%      4.96% |        8839      2.98%      7.93% |        9241      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.92%     13.97% |        9396      3.17%     17.14% |        8840      2.98%     20.12% |        8953      3.02%     23.13% |        8612      2.90%     26.03% |        9445      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9222      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8631      2.91%     56.16% |        9344      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.47% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9561      3.22%     84.00% |        8997      3.03%     87.03% |        9722      3.28%     90.31% |        8908      3.00%     93.31% |       10510      3.54%     96.85% |        9354      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296822                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76712      7.07%      7.07% |       33084      3.05%     10.12% |       32375      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33637      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35238      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1084815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9270      4.25%      4.25% |        6727      3.09%      7.34% |        6744      3.09%     10.43% |        6733      3.09%     13.52% |        6714      3.08%     16.60% |        6726      3.09%     19.69% |        6735      3.09%     22.78% |        6725      3.08%     25.86% |        6742      3.09%     28.95% |        6742      3.09%     32.05% |        6747      3.10%     35.14% |        6744      3.09%     38.24% |        6728      3.09%     41.32% |        6732      3.09%     44.41% |        6728      3.09%     47.50% |        6729      3.09%     50.58% |        6753      3.10%     53.68% |        6727      3.09%     56.77% |        6744      3.09%     59.86% |        6732      3.09%     62.95% |        6730      3.09%     66.04% |        6750      3.10%     69.13% |        6736      3.09%     72.22% |        6733      3.09%     75.31% |        6739      3.09%     78.40% |        6735      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6727      3.09%     87.67% |        6734      3.09%     90.76% |        6718      3.08%     93.84% |        6717      3.08%     96.92% |        6716      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       217991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19501      3.16%      3.16% |       19289      3.13%      6.29% |       19344      3.14%      9.43% |       19276      3.13%     12.55% |       19298      3.13%     15.68% |       19254      3.12%     18.80% |       19235      3.12%     21.92% |       19251      3.12%     25.04% |       19263      3.12%     28.17% |       19287      3.13%     31.29% |       19323      3.13%     34.43% |       19257      3.12%     37.55% |       19304      3.13%     40.68% |       19284      3.13%     43.81% |       19271      3.12%     46.93% |       19244      3.12%     50.05% |       19264      3.12%     53.17% |       19292      3.13%     56.30% |       19250      3.12%     59.42% |       19218      3.12%     62.54% |       19240      3.12%     65.66% |       19229      3.12%     68.78% |       19232      3.12%     71.89% |       19226      3.12%     75.01% |       19286      3.13%     78.14% |       19291      3.13%     81.27% |       19269      3.12%     84.39% |       19229      3.12%     87.51% |       19249      3.12%     90.63% |       19254      3.12%     93.75% |       19246      3.12%     96.87% |       19286      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       616742                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29887      3.44%      3.44% |       27066      3.12%      6.56% |       27135      3.12%      9.68% |       27057      3.12%     12.80% |       27059      3.12%     15.92% |       27027      3.11%     19.03% |       27018      3.11%     22.14% |       27024      3.11%     25.25% |       27053      3.12%     28.37% |       27077      3.12%     31.49% |       27117      3.12%     34.61% |       27049      3.12%     37.72% |       27079      3.12%     40.84% |       27063      3.12%     43.96% |       27046      3.11%     47.07% |       27020      3.11%     50.19% |       27064      3.12%     53.30% |       27067      3.12%     56.42% |       27042      3.11%     59.53% |       26998      3.11%     62.64% |       27018      3.11%     65.75% |       27028      3.11%     68.87% |       27016      3.11%     71.98% |       27006      3.11%     75.09% |       27072      3.12%     78.21% |       27075      3.12%     81.32% |       27052      3.12%     84.44% |       27002      3.11%     87.55% |       27030      3.11%     90.66% |       27020      3.11%     93.77% |       27011      3.11%     96.88% |       27050      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26042      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26033      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26040      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26018      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26051      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25978      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25987      3.11%     96.89% |       26026      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       835560                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         239      9.09%      9.09% |          78      2.97%     12.05% |          84      3.19%     15.25% |          84      3.19%     18.44% |          95      3.61%     22.05% |          92      3.50%     25.55% |          72      2.74%     28.29% |          76      2.89%     31.18% |          80      3.04%     34.22% |          74      2.81%     37.03% |          78      2.97%     40.00% |          73      2.78%     42.78% |          78      2.97%     45.74% |          70      2.66%     48.40% |          72      2.74%     51.14% |          70      2.66%     53.80% |          71      2.70%     56.50% |          75      2.85%     59.35% |          77      2.93%     62.28% |          74      2.81%     65.10% |          71      2.70%     67.79% |          77      2.93%     70.72% |          74      2.81%     73.54% |          73      2.78%     76.31% |          74      2.81%     79.13% |          78      2.97%     82.09% |          78      2.97%     85.06% |          79      3.00%     88.06% |          80      3.04%     91.10% |          78      2.97%     94.07% |          85      3.23%     97.30% |          71      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         2630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         584     96.69%     96.69% |           3      0.50%     97.19% |           2      0.33%     97.52% |           2      0.33%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           1      0.17%     98.01% |           0      0.00%     98.01% |           1      0.17%     98.18% |           4      0.66%     98.84% |           4      0.66%     99.50% |           3      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         506     18.16%     18.16% |          87      3.12%     21.28% |          83      2.98%     24.26% |          83      2.98%     27.24% |          69      2.48%     29.72% |          69      2.48%     32.20% |          69      2.48%     34.67% |          69      2.48%     37.15% |          69      2.48%     39.63% |          69      2.48%     42.10% |          69      2.48%     44.58% |          69      2.48%     47.06% |          72      2.58%     49.64% |          69      2.48%     52.12% |          70      2.51%     54.63% |          69      2.48%     57.11% |          69      2.48%     59.58% |          97      3.48%     63.07% |          98      3.52%     66.58% |          98      3.52%     70.10% |          69      2.48%     72.58% |          69      2.48%     75.05% |          71      2.55%     77.60% |          69      2.48%     80.08% |          69      2.48%     82.56% |          70      2.51%     85.07% |          69      2.48%     87.54% |          69      2.48%     90.02% |          71      2.55%     92.57% |          69      2.48%     95.05% |          69      2.48%     97.52% |          69      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1061      5.85%      5.85% |         527      2.90%      8.75% |         544      3.00%     11.75% |         527      2.90%     14.65% |         544      3.00%     17.65% |         534      2.94%     20.59% |         523      2.88%     23.47% |         541      2.98%     26.45% |         549      3.02%     29.48% |         539      2.97%     32.45% |         581      3.20%     35.65% |         560      3.09%     38.73% |         586      3.23%     41.96% |         580      3.20%     45.16% |         562      3.10%     48.25% |         562      3.10%     51.35% |         572      3.15%     54.50% |         583      3.21%     57.71% |         547      3.01%     60.73% |         527      2.90%     63.63% |         536      2.95%     66.58% |         544      3.00%     69.58% |         532      2.93%     72.51% |         537      2.96%     75.47% |         566      3.12%     78.59% |         565      3.11%     81.70% |         557      3.07%     84.77% |         545      3.00%     87.77% |         537      2.96%     90.73% |         555      3.06%     93.79% |         545      3.00%     96.79% |         582      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18150                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         761     25.95%     25.95% |          74      2.52%     28.47% |          71      2.42%     30.89% |          71      2.42%     33.31% |          69      2.35%     35.66% |          69      2.35%     38.02% |          69      2.35%     40.37% |          69      2.35%     42.72% |          69      2.35%     45.07% |          69      2.35%     47.43% |          69      2.35%     49.78% |          69      2.35%     52.13% |          73      2.49%     54.62% |          69      2.35%     56.97% |          70      2.39%     59.36% |          69      2.35%     61.71% |          70      2.39%     64.10% |          73      2.49%     66.59% |          74      2.52%     69.11% |          73      2.49%     71.60% |          69      2.35%     73.95% |          69      2.35%     76.30% |          71      2.42%     78.72% |          69      2.35%     81.08% |          69      2.35%     83.43% |          70      2.39%     85.82% |          69      2.35%     88.17% |          69      2.35%     90.52% |          71      2.42%     92.94% |          69      2.35%     95.29% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77848      7.11%      7.11% |       33394      3.05%     10.16% |       32689      2.98%     13.14% |       32859      3.00%     16.14% |       33109      3.02%     19.16% |       32034      2.92%     22.09% |       31958      2.92%     25.01% |       31675      2.89%     27.90% |       33956      3.10%     31.00% |       32356      2.95%     33.95% |       34304      3.13%     37.09% |       33125      3.02%     40.11% |       32699      2.99%     43.10% |       31745      2.90%     45.99% |       31780      2.90%     48.90% |       31670      2.89%     51.79% |       34273      3.13%     54.92% |       32115      2.93%     57.85% |       32976      3.01%     60.86% |       32545      2.97%     63.83% |       33034      3.02%     66.85% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.01%     72.83% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33649      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.78% |       32846      3.00%     84.77% |       31820      2.91%     87.68% |       33171      3.03%     90.71% |       31908      2.91%     93.62% |       34284      3.13%     96.75% |       35575      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1095240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         434      3.20%      3.20% |         386      2.85%      6.06% |         412      3.04%      9.10% |         403      2.98%     12.07% |         422      3.12%     15.19% |         397      2.93%     18.12% |         400      2.95%     21.08% |         419      3.09%     24.17% |         407      3.01%     27.17% |         414      3.06%     30.23% |         431      3.18%     33.41% |         428      3.16%     36.58% |         460      3.40%     39.97% |         449      3.32%     43.29% |         430      3.18%     46.46% |         439      3.24%     49.70% |         444      3.28%     52.98% |         449      3.32%     56.30% |         422      3.12%     59.42% |         397      2.93%     62.35% |         404      2.98%     65.33% |         425      3.14%     68.47% |         407      3.01%     71.47% |         413      3.05%     74.52% |         441      3.26%     77.78% |         444      3.28%     81.06% |         445      3.29%     84.35% |         424      3.13%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.54% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         430      3.18%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23444      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20782      3.13%      9.78% |       20704      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.00% |       20683      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20757      3.12%     34.69% |       20672      3.11%     37.81% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       664581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5950      3.13%     15.66% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.70% |        2866      2.59%     61.29% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1206     44.50%     44.50% |         192      7.08%     51.59% |         170      6.27%     57.86% |         176      6.49%     64.35% |          14      0.52%     64.87% |         248      9.15%     74.02% |          14      0.52%     74.54% |           5      0.18%     74.72% |           3      0.11%     74.83% |           1      0.04%     74.87% |          16      0.59%     75.46% |           4      0.15%     75.61% |           1      0.04%     75.65% |           1      0.04%     75.68% |          39      1.44%     77.12% |          16      0.59%     77.71% |           9      0.33%     78.04% |         160      5.90%     83.95% |         212      7.82%     91.77% |         163      6.01%     97.79% |           1      0.04%     97.82% |          15      0.55%     98.38% |          10      0.37%     98.75% |           2      0.07%     98.82% |           5      0.18%     99.00% |           1      0.04%     99.04% |           2      0.07%     99.11% |           8      0.30%     99.41% |           3      0.11%     99.52% |           2      0.07%     99.59% |           3      0.11%     99.70% |           8      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          75     71.43%     71.43% |           6      5.71%     77.14% |           2      1.90%     79.05% |           5      4.76%     83.81% |           0      0.00%     83.81% |           1      0.95%     84.76% |           1      0.95%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      0.95%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           5      4.76%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           3      2.86%     94.29% |           1      0.95%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      0.95%     96.19% |           0      0.00%     96.19% |           1      0.95%     97.14% |           1      0.95%     98.10% |           2      1.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         888      6.37%      6.37% |         386      2.77%      9.15% |         410      2.94%     12.09% |         401      2.88%     14.97% |         421      3.02%     17.99% |         399      2.86%     20.85% |         401      2.88%     23.73% |         417      2.99%     26.72% |         403      2.89%     29.62% |         410      2.94%     32.56% |         431      3.09%     35.65% |         429      3.08%     38.73% |         455      3.27%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.20% |         427      3.07%     48.27% |         434      3.12%     51.38% |         442      3.17%     54.55% |         449      3.22%     57.78% |         424      3.04%     60.82% |         399      2.86%     63.69% |         403      2.89%     66.58% |         421      3.02%     69.60% |         402      2.89%     72.49% |         408      2.93%     75.41% |         438      3.14%     78.56% |         440      3.16%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.88% |         422      3.03%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.98% |         425      3.05%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       39565     29.59%     29.59% |        3808      2.85%     32.44% |        2666      1.99%     34.43% |        3473      2.60%     37.03% |        3043      2.28%     39.30% |        2516      1.88%     41.19% |        2327      1.74%     42.93% |        2385      1.78%     44.71% |        3814      2.85%     47.56% |        2877      2.15%     49.71% |        4242      3.17%     52.89% |        3766      2.82%     55.70% |        2797      2.09%     57.79% |        2531      1.89%     59.69% |        2049      1.53%     61.22% |        2440      1.82%     63.04% |        4392      3.28%     66.33% |        2812      2.10%     68.43% |        2952      2.21%     70.64% |        3003      2.25%     72.88% |        2931      2.19%     75.08% |        2887      2.16%     77.24% |        2772      2.07%     79.31% |        2542      1.90%     81.21% |        3652      2.73%     83.94% |        2860      2.14%     86.08% |        2630      1.97%     88.05% |        2187      1.64%     89.68% |        2773      2.07%     91.76% |        2361      1.77%     93.52% |        3146      2.35%     95.87% |        5516      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       133715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8545      8.10%      8.10% |        2871      2.72%     10.82% |        3269      3.10%     13.92% |        2698      2.56%     16.48% |        3400      3.22%     19.70% |        2858      2.71%     22.41% |        2983      2.83%     25.23% |        2656      2.52%     27.75% |        3467      3.29%     31.04% |        2786      2.64%     33.68% |        3347      3.17%     36.85% |        2709      2.57%     39.42% |        3249      3.08%     42.50% |        2571      2.44%     44.93% |        3084      2.92%     47.86% |        2619      2.48%     50.34% |        3232      3.06%     53.40% |        2656      2.52%     55.92% |        3365      3.19%     59.11% |        2910      2.76%     61.87% |        3460      3.28%     65.15% |        2957      2.80%     67.95% |        3605      3.42%     71.37% |        2845      2.70%     74.06% |        3336      3.16%     77.23% |        2823      2.68%     79.90% |        3578      3.39%     83.29% |        3024      2.87%     86.16% |        3750      3.55%     89.71% |        2933      2.78%     92.49% |        4527      4.29%     96.78% |        3394      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       105507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9224      4.28%      4.28% |        6649      3.08%      7.36% |        6669      3.09%     10.45% |        6659      3.09%     13.54% |        6642      3.08%     16.62% |        6649      3.08%     19.70% |        6661      3.09%     22.79% |        6653      3.09%     25.88% |        6669      3.09%     28.97% |        6671      3.09%     32.06% |        6675      3.10%     35.16% |        6673      3.09%     38.25% |        6652      3.08%     41.34% |        6661      3.09%     44.43% |        6653      3.09%     47.51% |        6654      3.09%     50.60% |        6681      3.10%     53.70% |        6655      3.09%     56.78% |        6671      3.09%     59.88% |        6658      3.09%     62.96% |        6658      3.09%     66.05% |        6676      3.10%     69.15% |        6661      3.09%     72.24% |        6657      3.09%     75.32% |        6664      3.09%     78.41% |        6662      3.09%     81.50% |        6661      3.09%     84.59% |        6653      3.09%     87.68% |        6655      3.09%     90.76% |        6644      3.08%     93.84% |        6641      3.08%     96.92% |        6636      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       215647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18480      3.08%      3.08% |       18833      3.14%      6.21% |       18860      3.14%      9.35% |       18808      3.13%     12.48% |       18800      3.13%     15.61% |       18774      3.13%     18.74% |       18783      3.13%     21.86% |       18775      3.13%     24.99% |       18776      3.13%     28.12% |       18814      3.13%     31.25% |       18805      3.13%     34.38% |       18764      3.12%     37.50% |       18789      3.13%     40.63% |       18774      3.13%     43.76% |       18781      3.13%     46.88% |       18756      3.12%     50.00% |       18762      3.12%     53.13% |       18775      3.13%     56.25% |       18769      3.12%     59.38% |       18761      3.12%     62.50% |       18774      3.13%     65.63% |       18751      3.12%     68.75% |       18772      3.13%     71.87% |       18761      3.12%     75.00% |       18790      3.13%     78.12% |       18791      3.13%     81.25% |       18776      3.13%     84.38% |       18748      3.12%     87.50% |       18782      3.13%     90.63% |       18764      3.12%     93.75% |       18761      3.12%     96.87% |       18782      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       600691                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         761     25.95%     25.95% |          74      2.52%     28.47% |          71      2.42%     30.89% |          71      2.42%     33.31% |          69      2.35%     35.66% |          69      2.35%     38.02% |          69      2.35%     40.37% |          69      2.35%     42.72% |          69      2.35%     45.07% |          69      2.35%     47.43% |          69      2.35%     49.78% |          69      2.35%     52.13% |          73      2.49%     54.62% |          69      2.35%     56.97% |          70      2.39%     59.36% |          69      2.35%     61.71% |          70      2.39%     64.10% |          73      2.49%     66.59% |          74      2.52%     69.11% |          73      2.49%     71.60% |          69      2.35%     73.95% |          69      2.35%     76.30% |          71      2.42%     78.72% |          69      2.35%     81.08% |          69      2.35%     83.43% |          70      2.39%     85.82% |          69      2.35%     88.17% |          69      2.35%     90.52% |          71      2.42%     92.94% |          69      2.35%     95.29% |          69      2.35%     97.65% |          69      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          83      8.45%      8.45% |          29      2.95%     11.41% |          29      2.95%     14.36% |          29      2.95%     17.31% |          29      2.95%     20.26% |          29      2.95%     23.22% |          29      2.95%     26.17% |          29      2.95%     29.12% |          29      2.95%     32.08% |          29      2.95%     35.03% |          29      2.95%     37.98% |          29      2.95%     40.94% |          29      2.95%     43.89% |          29      2.95%     46.84% |          29      2.95%     49.80% |          29      2.95%     52.75% |          29      2.95%     55.70% |          29      2.95%     58.66% |          29      2.95%     61.61% |          29      2.95%     64.56% |          29      2.95%     67.52% |          29      2.95%     70.47% |          29      2.95%     73.42% |          29      2.95%     76.37% |          29      2.95%     79.33% |          29      2.95%     82.28% |          29      2.95%     85.23% |          29      2.95%     88.19% |          29      2.95%     91.14% |          29      2.95%     94.09% |          29      2.95%     97.05% |          29      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          982                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76712      7.07%      7.07% |       33084      3.05%     10.12% |       32375      2.98%     13.11% |       32557      3.00%     16.11% |       32799      3.02%     19.13% |       31714      2.92%     22.05% |       31672      2.92%     24.97% |       31379      2.89%     27.87% |       33637      3.10%     30.97% |       32062      2.96%     33.92% |       33982      3.13%     37.05% |       32830      3.03%     40.08% |       32402      2.99%     43.07% |       31448      2.90%     45.97% |       31481      2.90%     48.87% |       31381      2.89%     51.76% |       33979      3.13%     54.89% |       31813      2.93%     57.83% |       32683      3.01%     60.84% |       32252      2.97%     63.81% |       32740      3.02%     66.83% |       32186      2.97%     69.80% |       32721      3.02%     72.81% |       31714      2.92%     75.74% |       33356      3.07%     78.81% |       32049      2.95%     81.77% |       32559      3.00%     84.77% |       31529      2.91%     87.67% |       32879      3.03%     90.70% |       31617      2.91%     93.62% |       33985      3.13%     96.75% |       35238      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1084815                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.36%      2.36% |           5      3.94%      6.30% |           5      3.94%     10.24% |           3      2.36%     12.60% |           3      2.36%     14.96% |           5      3.94%     18.90% |           5      3.94%     22.83% |           3      2.36%     25.20% |           4      3.15%     28.35% |           1      0.79%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           2      1.57%     33.07% |           2      1.57%     34.65% |           2      1.57%     36.22% |           4      3.15%     39.37% |           5      3.94%     43.31% |           3      2.36%     45.67% |           2      1.57%     47.24% |           2      1.57%     48.82% |           3      2.36%     51.18% |           3      2.36%     53.54% |           4      3.15%     56.69% |           4      3.15%     59.84% |           7      5.51%     65.35% |           5      3.94%     69.29% |           3      2.36%     71.65% |           4      3.15%     74.80% |           4      3.15%     77.95% |           6      4.72%     82.68% |           5      3.94%     86.61% |           7      5.51%     92.13% |          10      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         133      6.27%      6.27% |          70      3.30%      9.58% |          74      3.49%     13.07% |          67      3.16%     16.23% |          77      3.63%     19.86% |          81      3.82%     23.68% |          51      2.41%     26.08% |          59      2.78%     28.87% |          84      3.96%     32.83% |          63      2.97%     35.80% |          87      4.10%     39.91% |          64      3.02%     42.92% |          60      2.83%     45.75% |          64      3.02%     48.77% |          63      2.97%     51.75% |          54      2.55%     54.29% |          60      2.83%     57.12% |          68      3.21%     60.33% |          57      2.69%     63.02% |          58      2.74%     65.75% |          63      2.97%     68.73% |          57      2.69%     71.42% |          58      2.74%     74.15% |          57      2.69%     76.84% |          58      2.74%     79.58% |          60      2.83%     82.41% |          52      2.45%     84.86% |          59      2.78%     87.64% |          55      2.59%     90.24% |          56      2.64%     92.88% |          60      2.83%     95.71% |          91      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     32.14%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           8     28.57%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |           0      0.00%     60.71% |          11     39.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28863      3.45%      3.45% |       26042      3.12%      6.57% |       26111      3.12%      9.70% |       26033      3.12%     12.81% |       26035      3.12%     15.93% |       26003      3.11%     19.04% |       25994      3.11%     22.15% |       26000      3.11%     25.26% |       26029      3.12%     28.38% |       26053      3.12%     31.50% |       26093      3.12%     34.62% |       26025      3.11%     37.73% |       26055      3.12%     40.85% |       26039      3.12%     43.97% |       26022      3.11%     47.08% |       25996      3.11%     50.19% |       26040      3.12%     53.31% |       26043      3.12%     56.43% |       26018      3.11%     59.54% |       25974      3.11%     62.65% |       25994      3.11%     65.76% |       26004      3.11%     68.87% |       25992      3.11%     71.98% |       25982      3.11%     75.09% |       26048      3.12%     78.21% |       26051      3.12%     81.33% |       26028      3.12%     84.44% |       25978      3.11%     87.55% |       26006      3.11%     90.66% |       25996      3.11%     93.78% |       25987      3.11%     96.89% |       26026      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       835560                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.37%      3.37% |           3      3.37%      6.74% |           2      2.25%      8.99% |           2      2.25%     11.24% |           2      2.25%     13.48% |           4      4.49%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |           3      3.37%     24.72% |           3      3.37%     28.09% |           1      1.12%     29.21% |           2      2.25%     31.46% |           1      1.12%     32.58% |           1      1.12%     33.71% |           2      2.25%     35.96% |           3      3.37%     39.33% |           5      5.62%     44.94% |           3      3.37%     48.31% |           2      2.25%     50.56% |           1      1.12%     51.69% |           3      3.37%     55.06% |           3      3.37%     58.43% |           2      2.25%     60.67% |           3      3.37%     64.04% |           5      5.62%     69.66% |           4      4.49%     74.16% |           2      2.25%     76.40% |           2      2.25%     78.65% |           2      2.25%     80.90% |           3      3.37%     84.27% |           2      2.25%     86.52% |           2      2.25%     88.76% |          10     11.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           89                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          13     81.25%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.90%      2.90% |           5      2.42%      5.31% |          12      5.80%     11.11% |          14      6.76%     17.87% |          25     12.08%     29.95% |          22     10.63%     40.58% |           1      0.48%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |          10      4.83%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           8      3.86%     55.56% |           3      1.45%     57.00% |           4      1.93%     58.94% |           1      0.48%     59.42% |           2      0.97%     60.39% |           1      0.48%     60.87% |           2      0.97%     61.84% |           6      2.90%     64.73% |           6      2.90%     67.63% |           4      1.93%     69.57% |           2      0.97%     70.53% |           6      2.90%     73.43% |           2      0.97%     74.40% |           2      0.97%     75.36% |           4      1.93%     77.29% |           7      3.38%     80.68% |           7      3.38%     84.06% |           8      3.86%     87.92% |           6      2.90%     90.82% |           6      2.90%     93.72% |          11      5.31%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         127      6.64%      6.64% |          65      3.40%     10.04% |          62      3.24%     13.28% |          53      2.77%     16.05% |          52      2.72%     18.77% |          59      3.08%     21.85% |          50      2.61%     24.46% |          52      2.72%     27.18% |          74      3.87%     31.05% |          58      3.03%     34.08% |          79      4.13%     38.21% |          61      3.19%     41.40% |          56      2.93%     44.33% |          63      3.29%     47.62% |          61      3.19%     50.81% |          53      2.77%     53.58% |          58      3.03%     56.61% |          62      3.24%     59.85% |          51      2.67%     62.52% |          54      2.82%     65.34% |          61      3.19%     68.53% |          51      2.67%     71.20% |          56      2.93%     74.12% |          55      2.88%     77.00% |          54      2.82%     79.82% |          53      2.77%     82.59% |          45      2.35%     84.95% |          51      2.67%     87.61% |          49      2.56%     90.17% |          50      2.61%     92.79% |          49      2.56%     95.35% |          89      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         457     81.03%     81.03% |          16      2.84%     83.87% |          14      2.48%     86.35% |          14      2.48%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |           0      0.00%     88.83% |          21      3.72%     92.55% |          21      3.72%     96.28% |          21      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          564                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         888      6.37%      6.37% |         386      2.77%      9.15% |         410      2.94%     12.09% |         401      2.88%     14.97% |         421      3.02%     17.99% |         399      2.86%     20.85% |         401      2.88%     23.73% |         417      2.99%     26.72% |         403      2.89%     29.62% |         410      2.94%     32.56% |         431      3.09%     35.65% |         429      3.08%     38.73% |         455      3.27%     42.00% |         446      3.20%     45.20% |         427      3.07%     48.27% |         434      3.12%     51.38% |         442      3.17%     54.55% |         449      3.22%     57.78% |         424      3.04%     60.82% |         399      2.86%     63.69% |         403      2.89%     66.58% |         421      3.02%     69.60% |         402      2.89%     72.49% |         408      2.93%     75.41% |         438      3.14%     78.56% |         440      3.16%     81.72% |         441      3.17%     84.88% |         422      3.03%     87.91% |         412      2.96%     90.87% |         434      3.12%     93.98% |         425      3.05%     97.04% |         413      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          49      2.21%      2.21% |          71      3.20%      5.40% |          69      3.11%      8.51% |          69      3.11%     11.61% |          69      3.11%     14.72% |          69      3.11%     17.82% |          69      3.11%     20.93% |          69      3.11%     24.03% |          69      3.11%     27.14% |          69      3.11%     30.24% |          69      3.11%     33.35% |          69      3.11%     36.45% |          72      3.24%     39.69% |          69      3.11%     42.80% |          70      3.15%     45.95% |          69      3.11%     49.05% |          69      3.11%     52.16% |          76      3.42%     55.58% |          77      3.47%     59.05% |          77      3.47%     62.51% |          69      3.11%     65.62% |          69      3.11%     68.72% |          71      3.20%     71.92% |          69      3.11%     75.02% |          69      3.11%     78.13% |          70      3.15%     81.28% |          69      3.11%     84.38% |          69      3.11%     87.49% |          71      3.20%     90.68% |          69      3.11%     93.79% |          69      3.11%     96.89% |          69      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         2222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          43      1.94%      1.94% |          73      3.29%      5.23% |          70      3.16%      8.39% |          71      3.20%     11.59% |          69      3.11%     14.70% |          72      3.25%     17.95% |          69      3.11%     21.06% |          69      3.11%     24.18% |          69      3.11%     27.29% |          70      3.16%     30.45% |          69      3.11%     33.56% |          69      3.11%     36.67% |          74      3.34%     40.01% |          69      3.11%     43.12% |          71      3.20%     46.32% |          70      3.16%     49.48% |          69      3.11%     52.59% |          70      3.16%     55.75% |          71      3.20%     58.95% |          71      3.20%     62.16% |          69      3.11%     65.27% |          70      3.16%     68.43% |          71      3.20%     71.63% |          69      3.11%     74.74% |          70      3.16%     77.90% |          70      3.16%     81.06% |          69      3.11%     84.17% |          70      3.16%     87.33% |          73      3.29%     90.62% |          69      3.11%     93.73% |          69      3.11%     96.84% |          70      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         2217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23438      3.53%      3.53% |       20747      3.12%      6.65% |       20781      3.13%      9.78% |       20703      3.12%     12.89% |       20687      3.11%     16.00% |       20683      3.11%     19.12% |       20678      3.11%     22.23% |       20678      3.11%     25.34% |       20697      3.11%     28.45% |       20719      3.12%     31.57% |       20757      3.12%     34.69% |       20672      3.11%     37.80% |       20680      3.11%     40.92% |       20680      3.11%     44.03% |       20684      3.11%     47.14% |       20649      3.11%     50.25% |       20674      3.11%     53.36% |       20672      3.11%     56.47% |       20673      3.11%     59.58% |       20664      3.11%     62.69% |       20671      3.11%     65.80% |       20651      3.11%     68.91% |       20677      3.11%     72.02% |       20653      3.11%     75.13% |       20684      3.11%     78.24% |       20688      3.11%     81.35% |       20654      3.11%     84.46% |       20636      3.11%     87.56% |       20674      3.11%     90.68% |       20638      3.11%     93.78% |       20627      3.10%     96.88% |       20704      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       664573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         440      3.25%      3.25% |         386      2.85%      6.10% |         413      3.05%      9.14% |         404      2.98%     12.13% |         422      3.11%     15.24% |         397      2.93%     18.17% |         400      2.95%     21.12% |         419      3.09%     24.22% |         407      3.00%     27.22% |         414      3.06%     30.28% |         431      3.18%     33.46% |         428      3.16%     36.62% |         460      3.40%     40.01% |         449      3.31%     43.32% |         430      3.17%     46.50% |         439      3.24%     49.74% |         444      3.28%     53.01% |         449      3.31%     56.33% |         422      3.11%     59.44% |         397      2.93%     62.37% |         404      2.98%     65.36% |         425      3.14%     68.49% |         407      3.00%     71.50% |         413      3.05%     74.54% |         441      3.25%     77.80% |         444      3.28%     81.08% |         445      3.28%     84.36% |         423      3.12%     87.48% |         415      3.06%     90.55% |         436      3.22%     93.76% |         430      3.17%     96.94% |         415      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6009      3.16%      3.16% |        5933      3.12%      6.28% |        5941      3.12%      9.40% |        5950      3.13%     12.53% |        5950      3.13%     15.66% |        5947      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5949      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.28% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5939      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5946      3.13%     56.25% |        5947      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5932      3.12%     71.87% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.12% |        5943      3.12%     81.25% |        5953      3.13%     84.38% |        5943      3.12%     87.50% |        5941      3.12%     90.63% |        5946      3.13%     93.75% |        5954      3.13%     96.88% |        5931      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         208     80.93%     80.93% |           6      2.33%     83.27% |           3      1.17%     84.44% |           6      2.33%     86.77% |           0      0.00%     86.77% |           1      0.39%     87.16% |           1      0.39%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           0      0.00%     87.55% |           1      0.39%     87.94% |           0      0.00%     87.94% |           0      0.00%     87.94% |           5      1.95%     89.88% |           0      0.00%     89.88% |           2      0.78%     90.66% |           1      0.39%     91.05% |           0      0.00%     91.05% |           0      0.00%     91.05% |          10      3.89%     94.94% |           2      0.78%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           0      0.00%     95.72% |           1      0.39%     96.11% |           0      0.00%     96.11% |           2      0.78%     96.89% |           1      0.39%     97.28% |           4      1.56%     98.83% |           1      0.39%     99.22% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77640      7.09%      7.09% |       33388      3.05%     10.14% |       32686      2.99%     13.12% |       32853      3.00%     16.13% |       33109      3.02%     19.15% |       32033      2.93%     22.07% |       31957      2.92%     24.99% |       31675      2.89%     27.89% |       33956      3.10%     30.99% |       32355      2.95%     33.94% |       34304      3.13%     37.07% |       33125      3.03%     40.10% |       32694      2.99%     43.09% |       31745      2.90%     45.98% |       31778      2.90%     48.89% |       31669      2.89%     51.78% |       34273      3.13%     54.91% |       32115      2.93%     57.84% |       32966      3.01%     60.85% |       32543      2.97%     63.82% |       33034      3.02%     66.84% |       32476      2.97%     69.81% |       33015      3.02%     72.82% |       32009      2.92%     75.75% |       33648      3.07%     78.82% |       32343      2.95%     81.77% |       32844      3.00%     84.77% |       31819      2.91%     87.68% |       33167      3.03%     90.71% |       31907      2.91%     93.62% |       34283      3.13%     96.75% |       35574      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         177      7.65%      7.65% |          71      3.07%     10.71% |          69      2.98%     13.69% |          63      2.72%     16.41% |          69      2.98%     19.40% |          69      2.98%     22.38% |          69      2.98%     25.36% |          69      2.98%     28.34% |          69      2.98%     31.32% |          69      2.98%     34.30% |          67      2.89%     37.19% |          67      2.89%     40.09% |          73      3.15%     43.24% |          69      2.98%     46.22% |          69      2.98%     49.20% |          69      2.98%     52.18% |          69      2.98%     55.16% |          69      2.98%     58.14% |          70      3.02%     61.17% |          68      2.94%     64.10% |          69      2.98%     67.08% |          69      2.98%     70.06% |          71      3.07%     73.13% |          69      2.98%     76.11% |          69      2.98%     79.09% |          69      2.98%     82.07% |          69      2.98%     85.05% |          69      2.98%     88.03% |          70      3.02%     91.06% |          69      2.98%     94.04% |          69      2.98%     97.02% |          69      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         2315                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         584     96.69%     96.69% |           3      0.50%     97.19% |           2      0.33%     97.52% |           2      0.33%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |           1      0.17%     98.01% |           0      0.00%     98.01% |           1      0.17%     98.18% |           4      0.66%     98.84% |           4      0.66%     99.50% |           3      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           2     14.29%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         761     26.07%     26.07% |          74      2.54%     28.61% |          71      2.43%     31.04% |          65      2.23%     33.26% |          69      2.36%     35.63% |          69      2.36%     37.99% |          69      2.36%     40.36% |          69      2.36%     42.72% |          69      2.36%     45.08% |          69      2.36%     47.45% |          67      2.30%     49.74% |          67      2.30%     52.04% |          73      2.50%     54.54% |          69      2.36%     56.90% |          70      2.40%     59.30% |          69      2.36%     61.66% |          70      2.40%     64.06% |          73      2.50%     66.56% |          74      2.54%     69.10% |          71      2.43%     71.53% |          69      2.36%     73.90% |          69      2.36%     76.26% |          71      2.43%     78.69% |          69      2.36%     81.06% |          69      2.36%     83.42% |          69      2.36%     85.78% |          69      2.36%     88.15% |          69      2.36%     90.51% |          70      2.40%     92.91% |          69      2.36%     95.27% |          69      2.36%     97.64% |          69      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2919                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       76162      4.27%      4.27% |      891196     50.00%     54.27% |      107836      6.05%     60.32% |      103349      5.80%     66.12% |      101259      5.68%     71.80% |      102758      5.77%     77.57% |      101259      5.68%     83.25% |      103425      5.80%     89.05% |       97396      5.46%     94.52% |       97752      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1782392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       76162      4.27%      4.27% |      891196     50.00%     54.27% |      107836      6.05%     60.32% |      103349      5.80%     66.12% |      101259      5.68%     71.80% |      102758      5.77%     77.57% |      101259      5.68%     83.25% |      103425      5.80%     89.05% |       97396      5.46%     94.52% |       97752      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1782392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       76162      4.27%      4.27% |      891196     50.00%     54.27% |      107836      6.05%     60.32% |      103349      5.80%     66.12% |      101259      5.68%     71.80% |      102758      5.77%     77.57% |      101259      5.68%     83.25% |      103425      5.80%     89.05% |       97396      5.46%     94.52% |       97752      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1782392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       76162      4.27%      4.27% |      891196     50.00%     54.27% |      107836      6.05%     60.32% |      103349      5.80%     66.12% |      101259      5.68%     71.80% |      102758      5.77%     77.57% |      101259      5.68%     83.25% |      103425      5.80%     89.05% |       97396      5.46%     94.52% |       97752      5.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1782392                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
