
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.037978                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37977566500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214145645000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15444                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               24206617                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4760036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1568.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24229560                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43593700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61950                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130830921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130830921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104398474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104398474                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    235229395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           235229395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61950                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61950                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        1                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      140                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  37977076500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61950                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  59722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1463                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.288092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.926618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.532748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27221     51.60%     51.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12931     24.51%     76.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7590     14.39%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1939      3.68%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1134      2.15%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          589      1.12%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          424      0.80%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          346      0.66%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          580      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.725626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.575829                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11533     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.368576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.291567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.130635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11026     95.55%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           424      3.67%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           67      0.58%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           22      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1895383636                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3350646136                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24420.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43170.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53452                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272071.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8557477750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28148639750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199349640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199440360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108772125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108821625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305097000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300175200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199506240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201852000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15256600335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14805269775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9401298000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9797202000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27950870460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27893008080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.056690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.532945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128566005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128566005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102329042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102329042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230895047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230895047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      157                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  37976838500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    58                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.013460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.032016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.160893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25622     50.57%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12493     24.66%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7569     14.94%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1857      3.66%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1158      2.29%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          602      1.19%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          438      0.86%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          322      0.64%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          609      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.734240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.890573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11321     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.361028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.283951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.134907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10836     95.67%     95.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           396      3.50%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           71      0.63%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           23      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1797008081                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3227258081                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23558.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42308.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33580                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277176.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8916103500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27790300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              192477600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190549800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105022500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              103970625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300736800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294091200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            196007040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197387280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15125263785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14398990875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9516505500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10153587000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27916260345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27818823900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.145269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.579383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4881792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4881792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3886464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3886464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128544097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128544097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102335783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102335783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230879880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230879880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76278                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60726                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76278                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60726                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4880832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3886464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4881792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3886464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      125                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  37977326500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76278                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60726                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     77                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.625194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.730565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.765340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25843     50.89%     50.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12427     24.47%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7488     14.75%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1903      3.75%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1148      2.26%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          603      1.19%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          453      0.89%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          308      0.61%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          608      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.730980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.955756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11325     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.359753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.283060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.132717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10849     95.75%     95.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           385      3.40%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           77      0.68%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1794229126                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3224160376                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23526.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42276.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33521                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277198.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8909418500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27796376500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              192757320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191109240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              105175125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104275875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300573000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294161400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195981120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197458560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14999937030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14526498735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9626441250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10041738000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27901111965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27835488930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.746353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.018239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4859072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4859072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3880320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3880320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127945849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127945849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    102174003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           102174003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    230119852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           230119852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75924                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60630                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75924                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60630                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4858560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3880256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4859136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3880320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      158                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  37976817500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75924                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60630                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    46                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.503147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.097117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   181.131273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25574     50.78%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12326     24.48%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7384     14.66%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1933      3.84%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1178      2.34%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          567      1.13%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          457      0.91%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          326      0.65%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          616      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.697397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.921119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11329     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.348950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.275003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.107912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10863     95.84%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           387      3.41%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           65      0.57%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           19      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1805511581                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3228917831                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23783.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42533.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      102.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   102.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52492                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278108.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   63.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8907089000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1268020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27798861000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              190338120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190368360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              103855125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103871625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298591800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293443800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195508080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197309520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2480247120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        14968097685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14499333675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9654370500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10065567000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27891008430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27830141100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.480287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.877410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7004991                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.190683                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.780679                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                20.625036                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6961301     99.38%     99.38% |       38012      0.54%     99.92% |        3061      0.04%     99.96% |        1308      0.02%     99.98% |         441      0.01%     99.99% |         306      0.00%     99.99% |         488      0.01%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7004991                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16424433                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.946956                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.711271                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.162331                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15026918     91.49%     91.49% |     1332828      8.11%     99.61% |       47530      0.29%     99.90% |       10502      0.06%     99.96% |        3410      0.02%     99.98% |        1527      0.01%     99.99% |         869      0.01%     99.99% |         486      0.00%    100.00% |         363      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16424433                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16424430                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.371068                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.080041                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             44.437395                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16334946     99.46%     99.46% |       71966      0.44%     99.89% |       12773      0.08%     99.97% |        3460      0.02%     99.99% |         924      0.01%    100.00% |         286      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16424430                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14992787                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001592                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001351                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.042979                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14970548     99.85%     99.85% |       20914      0.14%     99.99% |        1024      0.01%    100.00% |         299      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14992787                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1431643                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        121.964722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.657770                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        98.669932                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1342159     93.75%     93.75% |       71966      5.03%     98.78% |       12773      0.89%     99.67% |        3460      0.24%     99.91% |         924      0.06%     99.97% |         286      0.02%     99.99% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1431643                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         546791                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       546791                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8515931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289067                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8804998                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5724527                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5847631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       586697                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15965                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       247170                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318893                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39904                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        94818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       135072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17877                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        95973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       137732                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        16871                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        96512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       130497                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       227009                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17451                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       229741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        16334                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        93877                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       131135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       225012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17362                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       137715                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       234762                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16785                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        87101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        89773                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       176874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         3788                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        89399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125374                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       214773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16787                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        46055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        73151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        25366                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        44618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        20083                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        25365                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        45448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        25274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        45465                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        25333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        43724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        25342                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        42614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        25251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        18987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18275                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        25233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        25264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        43513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17831                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        25287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        43118                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        25387                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25593                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        43078                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        25301                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        45567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        25235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42858                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        25204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        42424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        25275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        25233                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        25209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        25195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        44211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18628                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        25285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        25222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        45297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21785                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        25210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        18140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        25324                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        43462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        25278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        17040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        25264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        42304                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        43198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19482                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        25333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44815                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         3429                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8343734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8343734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8558929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8343734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4288595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4278790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8343734                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.109851                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5869261                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5869261                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6094613                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5869261                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3708838                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3689217                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5869261                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.077273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4169157                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4169157                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4345636                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4169157                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1940699                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1935305                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4169157                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.054890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3817353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3817353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3934859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3817353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1877879                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1874325                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3817353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.050258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4487977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4487977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4767893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4487977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2308482                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2299733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4487977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.059087                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3864091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3864091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3990217                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3864091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1949156                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1945923                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3864091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.050873                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4525397                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4525397                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4666608                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4525397                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1982161                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1978821                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4525397                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.059580                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3748804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3748804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3864801                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3748804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1816816                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1813692                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3748804                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049356                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2379296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2379296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2427320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2379296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1160558                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1158940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2379296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.031325                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3354743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3354743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3468282                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3354743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1687925                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1684487                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3354743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.044167                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1639897                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1639897                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1660503                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1639897                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776417                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       775657                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1639897                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021590                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1173477                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1173477                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1176783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1173477                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       559532                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       559217                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1173477                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1534656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1534656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1540962                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1534656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       802911                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       802524                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1534656                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020205                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1209847                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1209847                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1214019                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1209847                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       582811                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       582483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1209847                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015928                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       722516                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       722516                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       725797                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       722516                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       345426                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       345280                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       722516                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009512                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1006461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1006461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1011931                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1006461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       466352                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       466229                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1006461                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013251                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1404248                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1404248                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1411322                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1404248                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       606943                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       606756                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1404248                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018488                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1123132                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1123132                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1128617                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1123132                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       518503                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       518288                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1123132                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014787                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1015020                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1015020                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1022701                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1015020                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       461678                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       461428                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1015020                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013363                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       624606                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       624606                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       627425                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       624606                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       291253                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       290986                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       624606                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008223                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       656827                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       656827                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       658068                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       656827                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       351351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       351115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       656827                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       861437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       861437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       865011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       861437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       466901                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       466597                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       861437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011341                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       722890                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       373351                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       373105                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009493                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       415805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       415805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       415805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       415805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       201697                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       201521                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       415805                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005474                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       612461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       612461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       613584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       612461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       303832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       303621                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       612461                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008063                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       832155                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       832155                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       835754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       832155                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       447350                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       447051                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       832155                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010956                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       712098                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       712098                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       714116                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       712098                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363224                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       362994                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       712098                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009375                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       427926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       427926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       427926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       427926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       205777                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       205582                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       427926                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005634                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      2886143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      2886143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2927987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2886143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1312392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1311687                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      2886143                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.037998                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2400456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2400456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2425011                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2400456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1068962                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1068448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2400456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031604                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2632682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2632682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2666555                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2632682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1161285                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1160630                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2632682                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034661                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2480389                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2480389                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2512522                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2480389                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1120379                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1119693                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2480389                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032656                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5251564     28.24%     28.24% |    11293255     60.73%     88.98% |     2049734     11.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     18594553                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5251564     28.24%     28.24% |    11293255     60.73%     88.98% |     2049734     11.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     18594553                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   141154089                       |   288038687                       |    49464181                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    19825616                       |    50250468                       |     2113305                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   26.878486                       |   25.505374                       |   24.132000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.775183                       |    4.449600                       |    1.031014                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.741783                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     3.882287                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.624070                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003858                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.079925      6.73%      6.73% |    0.080124      6.74%     13.47% |    0.079759      6.71%     20.18% |    0.079941      6.73%     26.91% |    0.181792     15.30%     42.21% |    0.181135     15.24%     57.46% |    0.181679     15.29%     72.75% |    0.181034     15.24%     87.98% |    0.035693      3.00%     90.99% |    0.035705      3.01%     93.99% |    0.035695      3.00%     97.00% |    0.035690      3.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.188171                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.029480                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022045                       |    0.000002                       |    0.011705                       |    0.011971                       |    0.011537                       |    0.011679                       |    0.011540                       |    0.012100                       |    0.007308                       |    0.011171                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005034                       |    0.002703                       |    0.002586                       |    0.002654                       |    0.002609                       |    0.002606                       |    0.002555                       |    0.002526                       |    0.002568                       |    0.002706                       |    0.002770                       |    0.002776                       |    0.002623                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002546                       |    0.002562                       |    0.002676                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002593                       |    0.002563                       |    0.002789                       |    0.002573                       |    0.002535                       |    0.002604                       |    0.002623                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002655                       |    0.002739                       |    0.002884                       |    0.006112                       |    0.006002                       |    0.006001                       |    0.005973                       |    0.000323                       |           0                       |    0.004060                       |    0.011306                       |    0.000919                       |    0.000981                       |    0.000901                       |    0.000968                       |    0.000904                       |    0.000987                       |    0.000757                       |    0.000831                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002988                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002886                       |    0.002446                       |    0.006729                       |    0.002979                       |    0.000757                       |    0.003929                       |    0.011482                       |    0.005449                       |           0                       |    0.003005                       |    0.004968                       |           0                       |    0.010387                       |    0.013556                       |    0.006081                       |    0.009737                       |    0.002976                       |    0.000919                       |    0.013610                       |    0.014159                       |    0.013489                       |    0.009875                       |    0.003017                       |    0.000981                       |    0.015458                       |    0.011706                       |    0.009222                       |           0                       |    0.002973                       |    0.004868                       |           0                       |    0.009451                       |    0.007542                       |    0.006769                       |           0                       |    0.003100                       |           0                       |    0.005380                       |    0.003761                       |    0.003209                       |           0                       |    0.003014                       |           0                       |    0.002604                       |    0.002445                       |           0                       |    0.003129                       |           0                       |    0.001832                       |    0.002789                       |    0.003591                       |    0.009217                       |    0.003006                       |    0.000831                       |    0.007419                       |    0.005091                       |    0.014925                       |    0.003679                       |    0.009336                       |    0.003001                       |    0.000901                       |    0.004189                       |    0.013816                       |    0.023481                       |    0.004363                       |    0.031095                       |    0.004549                       |    0.004060                       |    0.010666                       |    0.017882                       |    0.029883                       |    0.011717                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003053                       |    0.011306                       |    0.011042                       |    0.022103                       |    0.017752                       |    0.012014                       |    0.009473                       |    0.002967                       |    0.000968                       |    0.005861                       |    0.016346                       |    0.010157                       |    0.005100                       |           0                       |    0.003009                       |           0                       |    0.002528                       |    0.005246                       |    0.005029                       |    0.004394                       |           0                       |    0.002992                       |           0                       |    0.001698                       |    0.002623                       |    0.003643                       |           0                       |    0.002966                       |           0                       |    0.001015                       |    0.002573                       |    0.002939                       |           0                       |    0.003081                       |           0                       |    0.007405                       |    0.003329                       |    0.004843                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |    0.003058                       |    0.004867                       |           0                       |    0.005154                       |    0.010566                       |    0.008072                       |    0.002944                       |    0.009418                       |    0.002939                       |    0.000904                       |    0.019639                       |    0.013763                       |    0.009861                       |    0.003056                       |    0.009779                       |    0.002941                       |    0.000987                       |    0.007811                       |    0.015503                       |    0.009364                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |    0.003141                       |    0.004853                       |           0                       |    0.005854                       |    0.009466                       |    0.006343                       |    0.002999                       |           0                       |    0.002978                       |           0                       |    0.001593                       |    0.005192                       |    0.003172                       |    0.002993                       |           0                       |    0.002960                       |           0                       |    0.000859                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002996                       |           0                       |    0.002939                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002535                       |           0                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |    0.002003                       |           0                       |    0.004578                       |           0                       |    0.002944                       |           0                       |    0.002953                       |    0.001499                       |    0.005855                       |           0                       |    0.003056                       |           0                       |    0.009289                       |    0.003167                       |    0.002976                       |           0                       |    0.002970                       |           0                       |    0.002402                       |    0.006901                       |    0.002513                       |           0                       |    0.002999                       |           0                       |    0.004144                       |    0.006221                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002993                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005231                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002996                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002638                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.188171                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5449488                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5449488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3957065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3368314                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.121523                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          443629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9659368                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45194                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5353119                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20686                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9704562                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5373805                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15012487                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65880                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15078367                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5854443                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9495                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5863938                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5854443                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9495                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5863938                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72181911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20482773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30048891                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5449488                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3811943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              46947502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       212049                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309367                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5853807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3826                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68546406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58431210     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1042523      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           598191      0.87%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1004030      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1433349      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           594527      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           681817      0.99%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993544      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3767215      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68546406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416294                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15634547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44296557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1827667                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52718083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16318843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27410726                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4835041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7445609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12237576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51791248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4358279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59643665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121176303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75507870                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49840306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9803344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135673                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11177629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5253231                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5540814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1277255                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1137652                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50557829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       348769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53158896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11436133                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48927                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68546406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46539217     67.89%     67.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8521800     12.43%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5215111      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3002905      4.38%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2931671      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1180059      1.72%     98.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692189      1.01%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289586      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173868      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68546406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95292     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601892     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66316      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165404      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37732681     70.98%     71.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9785371     18.41%     89.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5400431     10.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53158896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014363                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    175770714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58008972                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47606283                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53756960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1235116                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110460                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2627                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6968                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       396085                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5692344                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4767849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17964629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50906598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5253231                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5540814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       339648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6968                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314649                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52768696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9650547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324829                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15007679                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4381700                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5357132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731052                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47668817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47606303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30756630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49216954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7285318                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       299842                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67394935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.646839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.596945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51205036     75.98%     75.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8034798     11.92%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1858351      2.76%     90.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2148984      3.19%     93.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       744859      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1046964      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694013      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278529      0.41%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1383401      2.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67394935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24229559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43593697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9287495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4142767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4044953                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43297925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       368866                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34151902     78.34%     78.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4142767      9.50%     88.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5144728     11.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43593697                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1383401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            116832475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102914017                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24229559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43593697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.979085                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.979085                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.335674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.335674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78000391                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37621622                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20761290                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16413446                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24155855                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4840808500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4840808499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3129766                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.681546                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.950457                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       26.752236                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3094078     98.86%     98.86% |       31387      1.00%     99.86% |        1969      0.06%     99.93% |        1064      0.03%     99.96% |         401      0.01%     99.97% |         305      0.01%     99.98% |         488      0.02%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3129766                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3045760                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.576200                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.101143                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       14.652919                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3037758     99.74%     99.74% |        6625      0.22%     99.95% |        1092      0.04%     99.99% |         244      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3045760                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        829465                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        24.821665                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.037420                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.086258                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      117575     14.17%     14.17% |      486620     58.67%     72.84% |      217946     26.28%     99.12% |        7273      0.88%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          829465                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4507685                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.578329                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.744656                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          60.696647                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4454136     98.81%     98.81% |       41766      0.93%     99.74% |        8299      0.18%     99.92% |        2581      0.06%     99.98% |         692      0.02%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4507685                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3925613                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000725                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000625                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.027156                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3922787     99.93%     99.93% |        2809      0.07%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3925613                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       582072                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     131.381092                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    104.292842                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    119.067323                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      528523     90.80%     90.80% |       41766      7.18%     97.98% |        8299      1.43%     99.40% |        2581      0.44%     99.84% |         692      0.12%     99.96% |         171      0.03%     99.99% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        582072                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5941026                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.303625                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.618411                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          48.329725                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5907408     99.43%     99.43% |       28097      0.47%     99.91% |        4282      0.07%     99.98% |         857      0.01%     99.99% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5941026                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5222418                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.004004                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.003391                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.068692                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5203115     99.63%     99.63% |       17995      0.34%     99.97% |        1011      0.02%     99.99% |         295      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5222418                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       718608                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.224814                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    105.349197                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.815435                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      684990     95.32%     95.32% |       28097      3.91%     99.23% |        4282      0.60%     99.83% |         857      0.12%     99.95% |         232      0.03%     99.98% |         115      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        718608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5847629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.697689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209817                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.986244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5834964     99.78%     99.78% |       10626      0.18%     99.97% |        1801      0.03%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5847629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5724527                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5724525    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5724527                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.644149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.428871                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.088972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110437     89.71%     89.71% |       10626      8.63%     98.34% |        1801      1.46%     99.81% |          47      0.04%     99.84% |          80      0.06%     99.91% |          90      0.07%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123102                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.527054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.668061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.576568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125499     98.99%     98.99% |        1008      0.80%     99.78% |         247      0.19%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118843     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.446445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.387851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.304523                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.60%     83.60% |        1008     12.87%     96.46% |         247      3.15%     99.62% |           8      0.10%     99.72% |          11      0.14%     99.86% |          10      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11007                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       286928                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       297346                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   182926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18696                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   187142                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   181407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24480                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  183747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   17831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  179334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   17966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  187395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  134486                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   16801                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  169976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    565                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2793                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   228                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   529                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2796                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  2451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    67568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      811                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    67299                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      644                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    66387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   65588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     647                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   65475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   67290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   46315                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   63281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                19516                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               185852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                19248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               189935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               184263                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18740                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              186479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               18360                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              182130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              190200                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               16960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              136937                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               17336                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              172915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  552335                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140108519864435                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140108521675909                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  494590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  370823                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                32958117                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               381960408                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               381835671                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               383677057                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               381911591                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              381793882                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              383552895                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              381966904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              381838900                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              383669578                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              381914847                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles              381819647                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles              383559401                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles              382024161                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              381900014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles              383880019                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles              381996991                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles              381888816                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              383710892                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   12784                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   92940                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12604                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   94983                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   11932                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   92147                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12272                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  93255                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12024                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  91078                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12116                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  95116                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11108                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  68481                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  11352                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  86471                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6732                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  92912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6644                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  94952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6292                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  92116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 93224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 91052                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 95084                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5852                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 68456                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  5984                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 86444                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                12572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                90014                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                92190                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11727                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                89291                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12095                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20336                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               90523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               88282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               11921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               92311                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               10929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19057                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               66030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20332                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               83532                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                212                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2926                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2793                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                205                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2856                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               148                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2732                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2796                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               179                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               147                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              2451                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               183                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               152                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                6379                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               92912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6289                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               94952                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                5968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               92116                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              93224                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              91052                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6045                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              95084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5515                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              68456                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               5632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              86444                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               353                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               355                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               324                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               377                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              336                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              337                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      153                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      151                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      296                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      143                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     293                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     144                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     292                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     299                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     250                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     284                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2115097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2622510                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4717564                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2107086                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2572799                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4728844                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2118317                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2594895                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4710237                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2107561                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2552363                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4710041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2118587                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2573217                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4732740                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2113276                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2690271                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4718559                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2105991                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2635780                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4708310                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2105726                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2704215                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4719759                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2448                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2416                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2368                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2288                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2344                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2304                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2392                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2176                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1471495                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2427846                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4321463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1471010                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2385012                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4348217                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1404611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2402150                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4314827                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1518922                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2368362                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4316088                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1434868                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2382979                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4333298                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1543624                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2491552                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4328160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1312107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2438857                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4358810                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1451720                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2505158                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4332678                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             136614                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             197872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             135323                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             196547                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             127643                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             193888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             130478                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            194552                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            128798                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            193891                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            127806                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            198536                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            120066                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            166000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            121073                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            188576                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2213735                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1432545                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3098811                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2171013                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1398249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3047653                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2293677                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1431823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3108048                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2108489                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1389663                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3065507                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2245069                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1425576                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3149835                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2102102                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1479557                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3060631                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2396849                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1473575                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3123339                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2199754                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1491346                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3171698                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1471495                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2427846                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4321463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1471010                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2385012                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4348217                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1404611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2402150                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4314827                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1518922                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2368362                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4316088                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1434868                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2382979                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4333298                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1543624                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2491552                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4328160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1312107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2438857                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4358810                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1451720                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2505158                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4332678                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        122890                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        197768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        121293                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        196457                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        114054                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        193832                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        118775                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       194433                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       114958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       193812                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       117439                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       198445                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       105076                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       165951                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       109049                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       188481                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1651497                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1432545                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3058035                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1635641                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1398249                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3021101                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1676297                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1431823                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3088917                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1621287                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1389663                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3039872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1658595                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1425576                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3124315                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1651274                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1479557                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3038852                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1682352                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1473575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3097170                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1645155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1491346                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3126184                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2101899                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2605614                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4694062                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2093053                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2555903                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4706383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2106005                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2577999                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4687498                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2094260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2535467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4687522                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2106371                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2556321                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4709856                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2101134                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2672319                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4694665                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2095237                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2619940                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4688501                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2093827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2687319                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4697717                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              3044                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3856                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             13360                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              4563                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles            109448                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9079                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             5207                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             9806                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            22911                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles           631750                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9861                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             8261                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             4392                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles              969                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368479                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73243438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68494946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368609                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73243434                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68495179                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368482                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73243440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68497880                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368699                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73243436                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68494933                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73243445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68495461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73243441                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68517483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368563                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73243457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68495138                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368495                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73243453                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68494826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2068858                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2622847                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4021932                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2067703                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2572994                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4028862                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2079637                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2595234                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4012787                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2065126                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2552589                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4009985                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2077055                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2573596                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4039933                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2074705                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2690494                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4021483                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2064557                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2636329                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4023159                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2065751                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2704557                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4029728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              165                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              866                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              350                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              175                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              881                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              322                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              772                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              864                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4134                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             27410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5663                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             29578                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              5478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             27720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            29506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5531                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            27507                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5608                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            29718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5012                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            23820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             5198                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            25238                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              6107                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5689                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             20709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18235                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5901                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19924                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             5666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5670                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18308                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            20509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4193                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            13813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             4763                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16424                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76278     24.92%     75.20% |       75924     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56040     25.43%     25.43% |       54805     24.87%     50.30% |       54806     24.87%     75.17% |       54707     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220358                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77635     25.36%     25.36% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76278     24.92%     75.20% |       75923     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306127                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61950     25.39%     25.39% |       60722     24.88%     50.27% |       60726     24.88%     75.15% |       60629     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       244027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13377     25.25%     25.25% |       13294     25.09%     50.35% |       13280     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76278     24.92%     75.20% |       75924     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55783     25.41%     25.41% |       54610     24.88%     50.29% |       54614     24.88%     75.17% |       54518     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13377     25.25%     25.25% |       13294     25.09%     50.35% |       13280     25.07%     75.41% |       13025     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77609     25.35%     25.35% |       76291     24.92%     50.28% |       76278     24.92%     75.20% |       75923     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55783     25.41%     25.41% |       54610     24.88%     50.29% |       54614     24.88%     75.17% |       54517     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3535375     78.40%     78.40% |          38      0.00%     78.40% |      126117      2.80%     81.20% |      127977      2.84%     84.04% |      124469      2.76%     86.80% |      125917      2.79%     89.59% |      123497      2.74%     92.33% |      128901      2.86%     95.19% |       98705      2.19%     97.38% |      118217      2.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4509213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5847687    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5847687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5271280     86.85%     86.85% |           0      0.00%     86.85% |      103773      1.71%     88.56% |      105728      1.74%     90.30% |      102540      1.69%     91.99% |      103824      1.71%     93.70% |      101515      1.67%     95.38% |      105861      1.74%     97.12% |       78169      1.29%     98.41% |       96556      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6069246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13428      4.14%      4.14% |          38      0.01%      4.15% |       40246     12.42%     16.57% |       40585     12.52%     29.09% |       38126     11.76%     40.86% |       38976     12.03%     52.88% |       39224     12.10%     64.98% |       38665     11.93%     76.91% |       32292      9.96%     86.88% |       42531     13.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       324111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410357     56.10%     56.10% |           0      0.00%     56.10% |       41805      5.72%     61.81% |       41609      5.69%     67.50% |       39986      5.47%     72.97% |       41225      5.64%     78.60% |       40632      5.55%     84.16% |       41858      5.72%     89.88% |       34815      4.76%     94.64% |       39196      5.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       731483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37866     13.85%     13.85% |       39296     14.37%     28.22% |       36508     13.35%     41.57% |       36598     13.38%     54.95% |       35634     13.03%     67.98% |       39307     14.37%     82.35% |       16726      6.12%     88.47% |       31531     11.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       273466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       29921     12.90%     12.92% |       30826     13.29%     26.21% |       30676     13.23%     39.44% |       31353     13.52%     52.96% |       30520     13.16%     66.12% |       32227     13.90%     80.02% |       15830      6.83%     86.84% |       30505     13.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       231888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3884     14.64%     14.64% |        3603     13.58%     28.22% |        3170     11.95%     40.17% |        3229     12.17%     52.34% |        3180     11.99%     64.32% |        3727     14.05%     78.37% |        2123      8.00%     86.37% |        3616     13.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        26532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141784     54.13%     54.13% |          11      0.00%     54.14% |       15721      6.00%     60.14% |       15350      5.86%     66.00% |       15296      5.84%     71.84% |       15393      5.88%     77.72% |       14944      5.71%     83.42% |       15827      6.04%     89.47% |       12805      4.89%     94.36% |       14781      5.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30578     13.19%     13.20% |       32164     13.87%     27.07% |       29027     12.52%     39.59% |       29401     12.68%     52.27% |       28963     12.49%     64.76% |       30871     13.31%     78.07% |       22769      9.82%     87.89% |       28088     12.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       231888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270365     38.17%     38.17% |           0      0.00%     38.17% |       57552      8.13%     46.29% |       57836      8.17%     54.46% |       55379      7.82%     62.28% |       56448      7.97%     70.25% |       57200      8.08%     78.32% |       56239      7.94%     86.26% |       40763      5.75%     92.02% |       56545      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       708327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37743     14.01%     14.01% |       38724     14.37%     28.38% |       35534     13.19%     41.56% |       36253     13.45%     55.02% |       34406     12.77%     67.79% |       41225     15.30%     83.09% |       15304      5.68%     88.77% |       30274     11.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       269463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31221     13.60%     13.61% |       32382     14.11%     27.72% |       30795     13.42%     41.14% |       30897     13.46%     54.60% |       30028     13.08%     67.68% |       34778     15.15%     82.84% |       13436      5.85%     88.69% |       25960     11.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       229516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287596     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23939      5.01%     65.20% |       23448      4.91%     70.10% |       23132      4.84%     74.94% |       23125      4.84%     79.78% |       24062      5.04%     84.82% |       23231      4.86%     89.68% |       25221      5.28%     94.96% |       24097      5.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141794     36.21%     36.21% |          38      0.01%     36.22% |       32544      8.31%     44.54% |       32422      8.28%     52.82% |       31095      7.94%     60.76% |       32186      8.22%     68.98% |       31704      8.10%     77.08% |       32636      8.34%     85.41% |       26551      6.78%     92.19% |       30564      7.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       391534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122588    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146861     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9773      4.39%     70.43% |        9699      4.36%     74.80% |        9403      4.23%     79.02% |        9551      4.29%     83.32% |        9440      4.24%     87.56% |        9734      4.38%     91.94% |        8776      3.95%     95.89% |        9144      4.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11169     42.92%     42.92% |           0      0.00%     42.92% |        1855      7.13%     50.04% |        1889      7.26%     57.30% |        1853      7.12%     64.42% |        1880      7.22%     71.65% |        1883      7.24%     78.88% |        1864      7.16%     86.04% |        1815      6.97%     93.02% |        1817      6.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         360      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       26011     13.65%     13.84% |       26580     13.95%     27.79% |       23870     12.53%     40.32% |       23755     12.47%     52.78% |       23649     12.41%     65.20% |       25630     13.45%     78.65% |       17738      9.31%     87.96% |       22946     12.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       190539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         516    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          33      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       38691     13.06%     13.08% |       39624     13.38%     26.45% |       37866     12.79%     39.24% |       38395     12.96%     52.20% |       38880     13.13%     65.33% |       38130     12.87%     78.21% |       24970      8.43%     86.64% |       39571     13.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       296160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         579      0.74%      0.74% |           0      0.00%      0.74% |       10839     13.79%     14.53% |       11158     14.20%     28.73% |       10407     13.24%     41.97% |       10960     13.95%     55.92% |        9832     12.51%     68.43% |       11813     15.03%     83.47% |        4070      5.18%     88.64% |        8923     11.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        78581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6871      3.98%      3.98% |           0      0.00%      3.98% |       21501     12.44%     16.42% |       21905     12.68%     29.10% |       21520     12.46%     41.55% |       22269     12.89%     54.44% |       22599     13.08%     67.52% |       21925     12.69%     80.21% |       11943      6.91%     87.13% |       22243     12.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       172776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5724527    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5724527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       28053     13.49%     13.50% |       29407     14.14%     27.64% |       28263     13.59%     41.24% |       28252     13.59%     54.82% |       27462     13.21%     68.03% |       31585     15.19%     83.22% |       11738      5.65%     88.87% |       23149     11.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       207928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1332      0.46%      0.46% |          27      0.01%      0.47% |       37642     12.89%     13.36% |       38042     13.03%     26.38% |       35615     12.20%     38.58% |       36486     12.49%     51.07% |       36704     12.57%     63.64% |       36247     12.41%     76.05% |       30044     10.29%     86.34% |       39887     13.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       292026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122044     69.77%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |        7027      4.02%     73.79% |        7003      4.00%     77.80% |        6447      3.69%     81.48% |        7140      4.08%     85.56% |        6738      3.85%     89.42% |        6814      3.90%     93.31% |        5524      3.16%     96.47% |        6176      3.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       174913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1387027     90.52%     90.52% |           0      0.00%     90.52% |       18429      1.20%     91.72% |       18317      1.20%     92.92% |       18438      1.20%     94.12% |       18453      1.20%     95.32% |       17837      1.16%     96.49% |       19406      1.27%     97.75% |       16524      1.08%     98.83% |       17885      1.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1532316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21204     25.66%     25.66% |           0      0.00%     25.66% |        8160      9.87%     35.53% |        8350     10.10%     45.63% |        7699      9.32%     54.95% |        7567      9.16%     64.11% |        7532      9.11%     73.22% |        7999      9.68%     82.90% |        6452      7.81%     90.71% |        7680      9.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        82643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         609     98.23%     98.23% |          11      1.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119855     77.65%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |        4330      2.81%     80.45% |        4320      2.80%     83.25% |        4292      2.78%     86.03% |        4297      2.78%     88.82% |        4301      2.79%     91.60% |        4615      2.99%     94.59% |        4013      2.60%     97.19% |        4335      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2944     13.56%     13.56% |        2361     10.87%     24.43% |        2986     13.75%     38.18% |        3210     14.78%     52.97% |        2792     12.86%     65.82% |        2926     13.48%     79.30% |        2021      9.31%     88.61% |        2474     11.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        21714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1997796     89.97%     89.97% |           0      0.00%     89.97% |       27632      1.24%     91.21% |       28753      1.29%     92.51% |       29546      1.33%     93.84% |       29254      1.32%     95.16% |       27708      1.25%     96.40% |       29304      1.32%     97.72% |       25949      1.17%     98.89% |       24579      1.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2220521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5103033     97.02%     97.02% |           0      0.00%     97.02% |       19096      0.36%     97.38% |       18648      0.35%     97.73% |       19309      0.37%     98.10% |       20059      0.38%     98.48% |       18201      0.35%     98.83% |       18413      0.35%     99.18% |       26233      0.50%     99.68% |       17012      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5260004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318     99.07%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           3      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167741     51.85%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |       19609      6.06%     57.91% |       19128      5.91%     63.83% |       18840      5.82%     69.65% |       18828      5.82%     75.47% |       19761      6.11%     81.58% |       18616      5.75%     87.34% |       21208      6.56%     93.89% |       19762      6.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37866     13.85%     13.85% |       39294     14.37%     28.22% |       36508     13.35%     41.57% |       36598     13.38%     54.95% |       35634     13.03%     67.98% |       39306     14.37%     82.35% |       16726      6.12%     88.47% |       31531     11.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       273463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       26977     12.84%     12.85% |       28465     13.54%     26.39% |       27690     13.17%     39.57% |       28143     13.39%     52.96% |       27726     13.19%     66.15% |       29301     13.94%     80.09% |       13809      6.57%     86.66% |       28031     13.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       210172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     18.86%     18.86% |          26     14.86%     33.71% |          20     11.43%     45.14% |          23     13.14%     58.29% |          23     13.14%     71.43% |          20     11.43%     82.86% |           8      4.57%     87.43% |          22     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141784     54.13%     54.13% |          11      0.00%     54.14% |       15721      6.00%     60.14% |       15350      5.86%     66.00% |       15296      5.84%     71.84% |       15393      5.88%     77.72% |       14944      5.71%     83.42% |       15827      6.04%     89.47% |       12805      4.89%     94.36% |       14781      5.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       30578     13.19%     13.20% |       32164     13.87%     27.07% |       29027     12.52%     39.59% |       29401     12.68%     52.27% |       28963     12.49%     64.76% |       30871     13.31%     78.07% |       22769      9.82%     87.89% |       28088     12.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       231888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123471     58.46%     58.46% |           0      0.00%     58.46% |       12223      5.79%     64.25% |       11462      5.43%     69.68% |       10622      5.03%     74.71% |       11124      5.27%     79.97% |       11423      5.41%     85.38% |       11548      5.47%     90.85% |        8707      4.12%     94.97% |       10619      5.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       211199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3884     14.64%     14.64% |        3603     13.58%     28.22% |        3170     11.95%     40.17% |        3229     12.17%     52.34% |        3180     11.99%     64.32% |        3727     14.05%     78.37% |        2123      8.00%     86.37% |        3616     13.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        26532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146894     29.56%     29.56% |           0      0.00%     29.56% |       45296      9.11%     38.67% |       46348      9.33%     48.00% |       44737      9.00%     57.00% |       45301      9.12%     66.12% |       45754      9.21%     75.33% |       44671      8.99%     84.31% |       32048      6.45%     90.76% |       45904      9.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       496953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2126     16.12%     16.12% |        2078     15.75%     31.87% |        1248      9.46%     41.33% |        1385     10.50%     51.83% |        1041      7.89%     59.72% |        1250      9.48%     69.19% |        2105     15.96%     85.15% |        1959     14.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         716     14.48%     14.48% |         628     12.70%     27.18% |         638     12.90%     40.09% |         584     11.81%     51.90% |         614     12.42%     64.32% |         534     10.80%     75.12% |         425      8.60%     83.72% |         805     16.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         4944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35617     13.90%     13.90% |       36646     14.30%     28.20% |       34286     13.38%     41.58% |       34868     13.61%     55.18% |       33365     13.02%     68.20% |       39975     15.60%     83.80% |       13199      5.15%     88.95% |       28315     11.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       256271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31221     13.60%     13.61% |       32382     14.11%     27.72% |       30795     13.42%     41.14% |       30897     13.46%     54.60% |       30028     13.08%     67.68% |       34778     15.15%     82.84% |       13436      5.85%     88.69% |       25960     11.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       229516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     18.86%     18.86% |          26     14.86%     33.71% |          20     11.43%     45.14% |          23     13.14%     58.29% |          23     13.14%     71.43% |          20     11.43%     82.86% |           8      4.57%     87.43% |          22     12.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1527    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287596     60.19%     60.19% |           0      0.00%     60.19% |       23939      5.01%     65.20% |       23446      4.91%     70.10% |       23132      4.84%     74.94% |       23125      4.84%     79.78% |       24060      5.04%     84.82% |       23230      4.86%     89.68% |       25221      5.28%     94.96% |       24097      5.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3828      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.18% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3536      2.87%     14.70% |        4042      3.28%     17.99% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3293      2.67%     23.68% |        3535      2.87%     26.55% |        5128      4.17%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.94% |        3542      2.88%     39.81% |        4269      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3767      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.79% |        4108      3.34%     56.13% |        3604      2.93%     59.06% |        3284      2.67%     61.72% |        3062      2.49%     64.21% |        3647      2.96%     67.17% |        3495      2.84%     70.01% |        3386      2.75%     72.76% |        3604      2.93%     75.69% |        3631      2.95%     78.64% |        3247      2.64%     81.28% |        4533      3.68%     84.96% |        3913      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5001      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44757      7.55%      7.55% |       18371      3.10%     10.64% |       17364      2.93%     13.57% |       18149      3.06%     16.63% |       17715      2.99%     19.62% |       17284      2.91%     22.53% |       17078      2.88%     25.41% |       17054      2.88%     28.29% |       17199      2.90%     31.19% |       17610      2.97%     34.15% |       19522      3.29%     37.45% |       19101      3.22%     40.67% |       18028      3.04%     43.71% |       17565      2.96%     46.67% |       16843      2.84%     49.51% |       17086      2.88%     52.39% |       18160      3.06%     55.45% |       17404      2.93%     58.38% |       17741      2.99%     61.37% |       17617      2.97%     64.35% |       17616      2.97%     67.32% |       18780      3.17%     70.48% |       17291      2.92%     73.40% |       17001      2.87%     76.26% |       17468      2.95%     79.21% |       17675      2.98%     82.19% |       17251      2.91%     85.10% |       16834      2.84%     87.93% |       17398      2.93%     90.87% |       16813      2.83%     93.70% |       17474      2.95%     96.65% |       19877      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       593126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18585      3.49%      3.49% |       16672      3.13%      6.62% |       16342      3.07%      9.69% |       16562      3.11%     12.80% |       16582      3.11%     15.91% |       16350      3.07%     18.98% |       16192      3.04%     22.02% |       16189      3.04%     25.06% |       16609      3.12%     28.17% |       16282      3.06%     31.23% |       16266      3.05%     34.28% |       16986      3.19%     37.47% |       16566      3.11%     40.58% |       16278      3.06%     43.64% |       16249      3.05%     46.69% |       16301      3.06%     49.75% |       16537      3.10%     52.85% |       16350      3.07%     55.92% |       16506      3.10%     59.02% |       16672      3.13%     62.15% |       16657      3.13%     65.28% |       17546      3.29%     68.57% |       16420      3.08%     71.65% |       16473      3.09%     74.75% |       16958      3.18%     77.93% |       16653      3.13%     81.05% |       16655      3.13%     84.18% |       17052      3.20%     87.38% |       16588      3.11%     90.50% |       16594      3.12%     93.61% |       17064      3.20%     96.81% |       16969      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       532705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6602      3.16%      3.16% |        6483      3.11%      6.27% |        6484      3.11%      9.37% |        6453      3.09%     12.47% |        6614      3.17%     15.63% |        6479      3.10%     18.74% |        6449      3.09%     21.83% |        6515      3.12%     24.95% |        6612      3.17%     28.12% |        6471      3.10%     31.22% |        6529      3.13%     34.34% |        6487      3.11%     37.45% |        6642      3.18%     40.63% |        6467      3.10%     43.73% |        6500      3.11%     46.84% |        6480      3.10%     49.95% |        6661      3.19%     53.14% |        6433      3.08%     56.22% |        6515      3.12%     59.34% |        6554      3.14%     62.48% |        6637      3.18%     65.66% |        6450      3.09%     68.75% |        6492      3.11%     71.86% |        6514      3.12%     74.98% |        6694      3.21%     78.19% |        6502      3.11%     81.30% |        6475      3.10%     84.40% |        6522      3.12%     87.53% |        6651      3.19%     90.71% |        6442      3.09%     93.80% |        6484      3.11%     96.91% |        6458      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       208751                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42882      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13670      2.86%     14.97% |       14595      3.05%     18.03% |       13814      2.89%     20.92% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13065      2.73%     26.47% |       13107      2.74%     29.21% |       13320      2.79%     32.00% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15623      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14015      2.93%     44.43% |       13643      2.86%     47.29% |       12805      2.68%     49.97% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13672      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14044      2.94%     64.42% |       13694      2.87%     67.29% |       16128      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13747      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13667      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13535      2.83%     90.67% |       13330      2.79%     93.46% |       14449      3.02%     96.48% |       16802      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477853                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8038      3.66%      3.66% |        6815      3.11%      6.77% |        6842      3.12%      9.89% |        6805      3.10%     12.99% |        6799      3.10%     16.09% |        6808      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6802      3.10%     25.40% |        6819      3.11%     28.51% |        6829      3.11%     31.62% |        6852      3.12%     34.74% |        6832      3.11%     37.86% |        6812      3.11%     40.96% |        6845      3.12%     44.08% |        6814      3.11%     47.19% |        6806      3.10%     50.29% |        6852      3.12%     53.42% |        6825      3.11%     56.53% |        6832      3.11%     59.65% |        6832      3.11%     62.76% |        6818      3.11%     65.87% |        6854      3.13%     68.99% |        6833      3.12%     72.11% |        6786      3.09%     75.20% |        6802      3.10%     78.30% |        6812      3.11%     81.41% |        6803      3.10%     84.51% |        6795      3.10%     87.61% |        6790      3.10%     90.71% |        6777      3.09%     93.80% |        6796      3.10%     96.90% |        6810      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219326                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1816      3.42%      3.42% |        1699      3.19%      6.61% |        1729      3.25%      9.86% |        1673      3.15%     13.01% |        1677      3.15%     16.16% |        1668      3.14%     19.30% |        1670      3.14%     22.44% |        1655      3.11%     25.55% |        1671      3.14%     28.69% |        1706      3.21%     31.90% |        1691      3.18%     35.08% |        1645      3.09%     38.17% |        1690      3.18%     41.35% |        1684      3.17%     44.52% |        1700      3.20%     47.72% |        1644      3.09%     50.81% |        1660      3.12%     53.93% |        1644      3.09%     57.02% |        1634      3.07%     60.09% |        1623      3.05%     63.15% |        1624      3.05%     66.20% |        1641      3.09%     69.29% |        1624      3.05%     72.34% |        1614      3.04%     75.37% |        1653      3.11%     78.48% |        1674      3.15%     81.63% |        1665      3.13%     84.76% |        1619      3.04%     87.81% |        1640      3.08%     90.89% |        1623      3.05%     93.94% |        1619      3.04%     96.99% |        1602      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10970      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9619      3.14%      9.85% |        9526      3.11%     12.96% |        9524      3.11%     16.07% |        9524      3.11%     19.19% |        9509      3.11%     22.29% |        9505      3.11%     25.40% |        9538      3.12%     28.51% |        9583      3.13%     31.64% |        9589      3.13%     34.78% |        9524      3.11%     37.89% |        9549      3.12%     41.01% |        9576      3.13%     44.14% |        9561      3.12%     47.26% |        9497      3.10%     50.36% |        9559      3.12%     53.48% |        9517      3.11%     56.59% |        9514      3.11%     59.70% |        9503      3.10%     62.81% |        9489      3.10%     65.91% |        9544      3.12%     69.02% |        9505      3.11%     72.13% |        9447      3.09%     75.22% |        9503      3.10%     78.32% |        9535      3.11%     81.44% |        9517      3.11%     84.54% |        9460      3.09%     87.63% |        9477      3.10%     90.73% |        9448      3.09%     93.82% |        9464      3.09%     96.91% |        9461      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306101                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9946      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.14%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8500      3.11%     16.13% |        8500      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8565      3.13%     34.82% |        8500      3.11%     37.93% |        8525      3.12%     41.05% |        8552      3.13%     44.18% |        8537      3.12%     47.31% |        8473      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.63% |        8490      3.11%     59.74% |        8479      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.10%     65.94% |        8520      3.12%     69.06% |        8481      3.10%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.24% |        8479      3.10%     78.34% |        8511      3.11%     81.46% |        8493      3.11%     84.56% |        8436      3.09%     87.65% |        8453      3.09%     90.74% |        8424      3.08%     93.83% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8437      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6752      3.21%      3.21% |        6594      3.13%      6.34% |        6566      3.12%      9.46% |        6524      3.10%     12.56% |        6666      3.17%     15.73% |        6540      3.11%     18.83% |        6582      3.13%     21.96% |        6593      3.13%     25.09% |        6643      3.16%     28.25% |        6533      3.10%     31.35% |        6613      3.14%     34.49% |        6545      3.11%     37.60% |        6670      3.17%     40.77% |        6497      3.09%     43.86% |        6542      3.11%     46.97% |        6547      3.11%     50.08% |        6717      3.19%     53.27% |        6505      3.09%     56.36% |        6550      3.11%     59.47% |        6524      3.10%     62.57% |        6699      3.18%     65.75% |        6525      3.10%     68.85% |        6512      3.09%     71.94% |        6514      3.09%     75.04% |        6727      3.20%     78.24% |        6524      3.10%     81.33% |        6475      3.08%     84.41% |        6511      3.09%     87.50% |        6728      3.20%     90.70% |        6527      3.10%     93.80% |        6550      3.11%     96.91% |        6499      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       210494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         695      3.20%      3.20% |         691      3.18%      6.38% |         669      3.08%      9.46% |         673      3.10%     12.56% |         696      3.21%     15.77% |         693      3.19%     18.96% |         684      3.15%     22.11% |         671      3.09%     25.20% |         681      3.14%     28.34% |         671      3.09%     31.43% |         686      3.16%     34.58% |         673      3.10%     37.68% |         675      3.11%     40.79% |         676      3.11%     43.91% |         678      3.12%     47.03% |         679      3.13%     50.15% |         667      3.07%     53.23% |         672      3.09%     56.32% |         676      3.11%     59.43% |         688      3.17%     62.60% |         679      3.13%     65.73% |         652      3.00%     68.73% |         679      3.13%     71.86% |         665      3.06%     74.92% |         689      3.17%     78.09% |         666      3.07%     81.16% |         663      3.05%     84.21% |         674      3.10%     87.32% |         705      3.25%     90.56% |         686      3.16%     93.72% |         681      3.14%     96.86% |         682      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        21715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         388      3.03%      3.03% |         394      3.08%      6.11% |         400      3.12%      9.23% |         406      3.17%     12.40% |         406      3.17%     15.57% |         405      3.16%     18.74% |         407      3.18%     21.92% |         405      3.16%     25.08% |         404      3.16%     28.23% |         402      3.14%     31.37% |         408      3.19%     34.56% |         401      3.13%     37.69% |         408      3.19%     40.88% |         404      3.16%     44.03% |         408      3.19%     47.22% |         398      3.11%     50.33% |         404      3.16%     53.48% |         396      3.09%     56.58% |         403      3.15%     59.72% |         400      3.12%     62.85% |         400      3.12%     65.97% |         400      3.12%     69.10% |         396      3.09%     72.19% |         397      3.10%     75.29% |         393      3.07%     78.36% |         396      3.09%     81.45% |         393      3.07%     84.52% |         398      3.11%     87.63% |         395      3.08%     90.71% |         400      3.12%     93.84% |         394      3.08%     96.92% |         395      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         502      3.35%      3.35% |         456      3.04%      6.39% |         454      3.03%      9.42% |         447      2.98%     12.40% |         461      3.08%     15.48% |         471      3.14%     18.62% |         461      3.08%     21.69% |         461      3.08%     24.77% |         468      3.12%     27.89% |         476      3.18%     31.07% |         487      3.25%     34.31% |         476      3.18%     37.49% |         492      3.28%     40.77% |         496      3.31%     44.08% |         500      3.34%     47.42% |         484      3.23%     50.64% |         487      3.25%     53.89% |         472      3.15%     57.04% |         468      3.12%     60.16% |         447      2.98%     63.14% |         439      2.93%     66.07% |         471      3.14%     69.21% |         449      3.00%     72.21% |         447      2.98%     75.19% |         474      3.16%     78.35% |         478      3.19%     81.54% |         488      3.26%     84.80% |         456      3.04%     87.84% |         450      3.00%     90.84% |         456      3.04%     93.88% |         462      3.08%     96.96% |         455      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7385      3.18%      3.18% |        7278      3.14%      6.32% |        7225      3.12%      9.44% |        7189      3.10%     12.54% |        7355      3.17%     15.71% |        7229      3.12%     18.83% |        7261      3.13%     21.96% |        7257      3.13%     25.09% |        7316      3.15%     28.24% |        7195      3.10%     31.35% |        7291      3.14%     34.49% |        7211      3.11%     37.60% |        7337      3.16%     40.76% |        7169      3.09%     43.86% |        7214      3.11%     46.97% |        7221      3.11%     50.08% |        7378      3.18%     53.26% |        7170      3.09%     56.36% |        7219      3.11%     59.47% |        7202      3.11%     62.57% |        7366      3.18%     65.75% |        7164      3.09%     68.84% |        7180      3.10%     71.94% |        7168      3.09%     75.03% |        7406      3.19%     78.22% |        7181      3.10%     81.32% |        7128      3.07%     84.39% |        7174      3.09%     87.49% |        7420      3.20%     90.69% |        7204      3.11%     93.79% |        7218      3.11%     96.90% |        7177      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       231888                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       59200      5.99%      5.99% |       30916      3.13%      9.12% |       29543      2.99%     12.11% |       30458      3.08%     15.19% |       30052      3.04%     18.23% |       29365      2.97%     21.20% |       28939      2.93%     24.13% |       28960      2.93%     27.06% |       29528      2.99%     30.05% |       29731      3.01%     33.05% |       31508      3.19%     36.24% |       31772      3.21%     39.46% |       30223      3.06%     42.51% |       29502      2.98%     45.50% |       28692      2.90%     48.40% |       29049      2.94%     51.34% |       30336      3.07%     54.41% |       29488      2.98%     57.39% |       29863      3.02%     60.41% |       29935      3.03%     63.44% |       29910      3.03%     66.47% |       31992      3.24%     69.71% |       29443      2.98%     72.69% |       29142      2.95%     75.63% |       29957      3.03%     78.66% |       29964      3.03%     81.70% |       29473      2.98%     84.68% |       29487      2.98%     87.66% |       29774      3.01%     90.67% |       29186      2.95%     93.63% |       30322      3.07%     96.69% |       32671      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       988381                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         412      3.29%      3.29% |         374      2.98%      6.27% |         379      3.02%      9.29% |         373      2.98%     12.27% |         384      3.06%     15.33% |         382      3.05%     18.38% |         380      3.03%     21.41% |         384      3.06%     24.47% |         389      3.10%     27.57% |         402      3.21%     30.78% |         406      3.24%     34.02% |         397      3.17%     37.19% |         416      3.32%     40.50% |         417      3.33%     43.83% |         419      3.34%     47.17% |         407      3.25%     50.42% |         413      3.29%     53.71% |         400      3.19%     56.90% |         391      3.12%     60.02% |         372      2.97%     62.99% |         363      2.90%     65.88% |         390      3.11%     69.00% |         373      2.98%     71.97% |         372      2.97%     74.94% |         399      3.18%     78.12% |         406      3.24%     81.36% |         415      3.31%     84.67% |         387      3.09%     87.76% |         387      3.09%     90.84% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.13%     97.02% |         373      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12537                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5283      4.13%      4.13% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4066      3.18%     10.46% |        3977      3.11%     13.57% |        3977      3.11%     16.68% |        3968      3.10%     19.79% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3970      3.11%     29.10% |        3999      3.13%     32.23% |        4016      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.07%     38.44% |        3947      3.09%     41.53% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3966      3.10%     47.74% |        3924      3.07%     50.81% |        3965      3.10%     53.91% |        3936      3.08%     56.99% |        3941      3.08%     60.08% |        3949      3.09%     63.17% |        3944      3.09%     66.25% |        3955      3.09%     69.35% |        3957      3.10%     72.44% |        3905      3.06%     75.50% |        3930      3.07%     78.57% |        3948      3.09%     81.66% |        3917      3.06%     84.73% |        3899      3.05%     87.78% |        3918      3.07%     90.84% |        3893      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3926      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127812                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5275      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5163      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5175      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5185      3.13%     84.39% |        5175      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5186      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.94% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.04% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3256      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.78% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3201      2.90%     75.41% |        3224      2.92%     78.32% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4146      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110481                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2656      3.13%      3.13% |        2562      3.02%      6.15% |        2646      3.12%      9.27% |        2672      3.15%     12.42% |        2754      3.25%     15.67% |        2734      3.22%     18.89% |        2724      3.21%     22.10% |        2672      3.15%     25.25% |        2715      3.20%     28.45% |        2653      3.13%     31.58% |        2665      3.14%     34.72% |        2594      3.06%     37.78% |        2687      3.17%     40.94% |        2676      3.15%     44.10% |        2740      3.23%     47.33% |        2635      3.11%     50.43% |        2706      3.19%     53.62% |        2632      3.10%     56.72% |        2709      3.19%     59.92% |        2589      3.05%     62.97% |        2628      3.10%     66.07% |        2622      3.09%     69.16% |        2642      3.11%     72.27% |        2608      3.07%     75.35% |        2619      3.09%     78.43% |        2568      3.03%     81.46% |        2642      3.11%     84.57% |        2598      3.06%     87.64% |        2647      3.12%     90.76% |        2574      3.03%     93.79% |        2665      3.14%     96.93% |        2602      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        84836                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         923      3.21%      3.21% |         933      3.24%      6.45% |         914      3.18%      9.63% |         889      3.09%     12.72% |         872      3.03%     15.75% |         899      3.13%     18.88% |         950      3.30%     22.18% |         906      3.15%     25.33% |         871      3.03%     28.36% |         866      3.01%     31.37% |         923      3.21%     34.58% |         915      3.18%     37.76% |         889      3.09%     40.85% |         860      2.99%     43.84% |         907      3.15%     46.99% |         923      3.21%     50.20% |         908      3.16%     53.35% |         898      3.12%     56.48% |         891      3.10%     59.57% |         892      3.10%     62.67% |         915      3.18%     65.86% |         911      3.17%     69.02% |         865      3.01%     72.03% |         871      3.03%     75.06% |         943      3.28%     78.34% |         927      3.22%     81.56% |         864      3.00%     84.56% |         870      3.02%     87.59% |         908      3.16%     90.74% |         925      3.22%     93.96% |         871      3.03%     96.99% |         867      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        28766                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6447      3.18%      3.18% |        6334      3.12%      6.30% |        6315      3.11%      9.41% |        6296      3.10%     12.51% |        6472      3.19%     15.70% |        6319      3.11%     18.81% |        6300      3.10%     21.91% |        6350      3.13%     25.04% |        6437      3.17%     28.21% |        6324      3.12%     31.33% |        6358      3.13%     34.46% |        6289      3.10%     37.56% |        6449      3.18%     40.74% |        6302      3.10%     43.84% |        6302      3.10%     46.95% |        6293      3.10%     50.05% |        6479      3.19%     53.24% |        6268      3.09%     56.33% |        6338      3.12%     59.45% |        6309      3.11%     62.56% |        6449      3.18%     65.73% |        6266      3.09%     68.82% |        6306      3.11%     71.93% |        6299      3.10%     75.03% |        6459      3.18%     78.21% |        6255      3.08%     81.29% |        6273      3.09%     84.38% |        6296      3.10%     87.49% |        6496      3.20%     90.69% |        6270      3.09%     93.78% |        6335      3.12%     96.90% |        6299      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       202984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         469      3.28%      3.28% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.27% |         430      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.37% |         440      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.06%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.03% |         455      3.18%     37.22% |         472      3.30%     40.51% |         473      3.31%     43.82% |         476      3.33%     47.15% |         463      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         416      2.91%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         473      3.31%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.05%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29108     21.43%     21.43% |        4169      3.07%     24.50% |        3105      2.29%     26.79% |        3933      2.90%     29.68% |        3255      2.40%     32.08% |        2995      2.21%     34.28% |        2778      2.05%     36.33% |        2791      2.05%     38.38% |        2840      2.09%     40.48% |        3390      2.50%     42.97% |        5152      3.79%     46.77% |        4977      3.66%     50.43% |        3636      2.68%     53.11% |        3328      2.45%     55.56% |        2528      1.86%     57.42% |        2882      2.12%     59.54% |        3701      2.72%     62.27% |        3289      2.42%     64.69% |        3446      2.54%     67.22% |        3403      2.51%     69.73% |        3257      2.40%     72.13% |        4628      3.41%     75.54% |        3090      2.28%     77.81% |        2866      2.11%     79.92% |        3033      2.23%     82.15% |        3534      2.60%     84.76% |        3080      2.27%     87.02% |        2693      1.98%     89.01% |        3025      2.23%     91.23% |        2774      2.04%     93.28% |        3325      2.45%     95.72% |        5808      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135819                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3505      6.32%      6.32% |        1854      3.34%      9.66% |        1544      2.78%     12.44% |        1723      3.10%     15.54% |        1635      2.95%     18.49% |        1531      2.76%     21.25% |        1374      2.48%     23.72% |        1412      2.54%     26.27% |        1552      2.80%     29.06% |        1523      2.74%     31.81% |        1512      2.72%     34.53% |        2031      3.66%     38.19% |        1459      2.63%     40.82% |        1373      2.47%     43.30% |        1352      2.44%     45.73% |        1440      2.59%     48.33% |        1524      2.75%     51.07% |        1480      2.67%     53.74% |        1652      2.98%     56.72% |        1728      3.11%     59.83% |        1537      2.77%     62.60% |        2582      4.65%     67.25% |        1598      2.88%     70.13% |        1562      2.81%     72.94% |        1822      3.28%     76.23% |        1678      3.02%     79.25% |        1698      3.06%     82.31% |        2080      3.75%     86.06% |        1628      2.93%     88.99% |        1706      3.07%     92.07% |        2272      4.09%     96.16% |        2131      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8032      3.67%      3.67% |        6806      3.11%      6.77% |        6825      3.11%      9.88% |        6801      3.10%     12.99% |        6797      3.10%     16.09% |        6800      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6799      3.10%     25.39% |        6815      3.11%     28.50% |        6821      3.11%     31.61% |        6831      3.12%     34.73% |        6826      3.11%     37.85% |        6807      3.11%     40.95% |        6842      3.12%     44.07% |        6808      3.11%     47.18% |        6803      3.10%     50.29% |        6848      3.12%     53.41% |        6823      3.11%     56.52% |        6828      3.12%     59.64% |        6828      3.12%     62.75% |        6812      3.11%     65.86% |        6846      3.12%     68.99% |        6829      3.12%     72.10% |        6784      3.10%     75.20% |        6798      3.10%     78.30% |        6809      3.11%     81.41% |        6799      3.10%     84.51% |        6792      3.10%     87.61% |        6784      3.10%     90.70% |        6773      3.09%     93.80% |        6793      3.10%     96.89% |        6805      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1314      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1282      3.37%     10.08% |        1222      3.21%     13.29% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1199      3.15%     29.06% |        1229      3.23%     32.29% |        1217      3.19%     35.48% |        1168      3.07%     38.55% |        1195      3.14%     41.69% |        1187      3.12%     44.80% |        1200      3.15%     47.95% |        1158      3.04%     50.99% |        1171      3.07%     54.06% |        1167      3.06%     57.13% |        1163      3.05%     60.18% |        1170      3.07%     63.25% |        1179      3.09%     66.35% |        1165      3.06%     69.41% |        1168      3.07%     72.47% |        1158      3.04%     75.51% |        1173      3.08%     78.59% |        1190      3.12%     81.71% |        1171      3.07%     84.79% |        1155      3.03%     87.82% |        1183      3.11%     90.93% |        1162      3.05%     93.98% |        1147      3.01%     96.99% |        1148      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7385      3.18%      3.18% |        7278      3.14%      6.32% |        7225      3.12%      9.44% |        7189      3.10%     12.54% |        7355      3.17%     15.71% |        7229      3.12%     18.83% |        7261      3.13%     21.96% |        7257      3.13%     25.09% |        7316      3.15%     28.24% |        7195      3.10%     31.35% |        7291      3.14%     34.49% |        7211      3.11%     37.60% |        7337      3.16%     40.76% |        7169      3.09%     43.86% |        7214      3.11%     46.97% |        7221      3.11%     50.08% |        7378      3.18%     53.26% |        7170      3.09%     56.36% |        7219      3.11%     59.47% |        7202      3.11%     62.57% |        7366      3.18%     65.75% |        7164      3.09%     68.84% |        7180      3.10%     71.94% |        7168      3.09%     75.03% |        7406      3.19%     78.22% |        7181      3.10%     81.32% |        7128      3.07%     84.39% |        7174      3.09%     87.49% |        7420      3.20%     90.69% |        7204      3.11%     93.79% |        7218      3.11%     96.90% |        7177      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       231888                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8700      3.18%      3.18% |        8480      3.10%      6.28% |        8484      3.10%      9.38% |        8517      3.11%     12.50% |        8726      3.19%     15.69% |        8525      3.12%     18.81% |        8458      3.09%     21.90% |        8441      3.09%     24.99% |        8731      3.19%     28.18% |        8501      3.11%     31.29% |        8432      3.08%     34.37% |        8486      3.10%     37.47% |        8716      3.19%     40.66% |        8534      3.12%     43.78% |        8514      3.11%     46.90% |        8477      3.10%     50.00% |        8647      3.16%     53.16% |        8491      3.10%     56.26% |        8472      3.10%     59.36% |        8527      3.12%     62.48% |        8681      3.17%     65.65% |        8522      3.12%     68.77% |        8501      3.11%     71.88% |        8529      3.12%     75.00% |        8649      3.16%     78.16% |        8500      3.11%     81.27% |        8522      3.12%     84.38% |        8524      3.12%     87.50% |        8666      3.17%     90.67% |        8494      3.11%     93.78% |        8494      3.11%     96.88% |        8525      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       273466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42882      8.97%      8.97% |       14997      3.14%     12.11% |       13670      2.86%     14.97% |       14595      3.05%     18.03% |       13814      2.89%     20.92% |       13443      2.81%     23.73% |       13065      2.73%     26.47% |       13107      2.74%     29.21% |       13318      2.79%     32.00% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15623      3.27%     38.17% |       15917      3.33%     41.50% |       14014      2.93%     44.43% |       13643      2.86%     47.29% |       12805      2.68%     49.97% |       13197      2.76%     52.73% |       14157      2.96%     55.69% |       13672      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14044      2.94%     64.43% |       13693      2.87%     67.29% |       16128      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13286      2.78%     76.29% |       13747      2.88%     79.17% |       14128      2.96%     82.13% |       13666      2.86%     84.99% |       13631      2.85%     87.84% |       13533      2.83%     90.67% |       13330      2.79%     93.46% |       14449      3.02%     96.48% |       16802      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477846                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.25%      4.25% |          21      2.71%      6.96% |          23      2.96%      9.92% |          21      2.71%     12.63% |          23      2.96%     15.59% |          27      3.48%     19.07% |          25      3.22%     22.29% |          23      2.96%     25.26% |          26      3.35%     28.61% |          22      2.84%     31.44% |          25      3.22%     34.66% |          22      2.84%     37.50% |          23      2.96%     40.46% |          24      3.09%     43.56% |          24      3.09%     46.65% |          23      2.96%     49.61% |          22      2.84%     52.45% |          23      2.96%     55.41% |          22      2.84%     58.25% |          28      3.61%     61.86% |          29      3.74%     65.59% |          36      4.64%     70.23% |          25      3.22%     73.45% |          26      3.35%     76.80% |          20      2.58%     79.38% |          21      2.71%     82.09% |          21      2.71%     84.79% |          24      3.09%     87.89% |          20      2.58%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9946      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.14%      9.91% |        8502      3.11%     13.02% |        8500      3.11%     16.13% |        8500      3.11%     19.24% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8481      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.11%     28.56% |        8559      3.13%     31.69% |        8565      3.13%     34.82% |        8500      3.11%     37.93% |        8525      3.12%     41.05% |        8552      3.13%     44.18% |        8537      3.12%     47.31% |        8473      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8493      3.11%     56.63% |        8490      3.11%     59.74% |        8479      3.10%     62.84% |        8465      3.10%     65.94% |        8520      3.12%     69.06% |        8481      3.10%     72.16% |        8423      3.08%     75.24% |        8479      3.10%     78.34% |        8511      3.11%     81.46% |        8493      3.11%     84.56% |        8436      3.09%     87.65% |        8453      3.09%     90.74% |        8424      3.08%     93.83% |        8440      3.09%     96.91% |        8437      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      1.99%      1.99% |           2      1.00%      2.99% |           6      2.99%      5.97% |           5      2.49%      8.46% |           7      3.48%     11.94% |           4      1.99%     13.93% |           5      2.49%     16.42% |           7      3.48%     19.90% |           8      3.98%     23.88% |           6      2.99%     26.87% |           6      2.99%     29.85% |           4      1.99%     31.84% |           6      2.99%     34.83% |           4      1.99%     36.82% |           5      2.49%     39.30% |           5      2.49%     41.79% |           5      2.49%     44.28% |           6      2.99%     47.26% |           5      2.49%     49.75% |           9      4.48%     54.23% |           9      4.48%     58.71% |          10      4.98%     63.68% |           8      3.98%     67.66% |          10      4.98%     72.64% |           7      3.48%     76.12% |           7      3.48%     79.60% |           7      3.48%     83.08% |           8      3.98%     87.06% |           8      3.98%     91.04% |           6      2.99%     94.03% |          10      4.98%     99.00% |           2      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.04%      5.04% |          19      3.30%      8.35% |          17      2.96%     11.30% |          16      2.78%     14.09% |          16      2.78%     16.87% |          23      4.00%     20.87% |          20      3.48%     24.35% |          16      2.78%     27.13% |          18      3.13%     30.26% |          16      2.78%     33.04% |          19      3.30%     36.35% |          18      3.13%     39.48% |          17      2.96%     42.43% |          20      3.48%     45.91% |          19      3.30%     49.22% |          18      3.13%     52.35% |          17      2.96%     55.30% |          17      2.96%     58.26% |          17      2.96%     61.22% |          19      3.30%     64.52% |          20      3.48%     68.00% |          26      4.52%     72.52% |          17      2.96%     75.48% |          16      2.78%     78.26% |          13      2.26%     80.52% |          14      2.43%     82.96% |          14      2.43%     85.39% |          16      2.78%     88.17% |          12      2.09%     90.26% |          18      3.13%     93.39% |          15      2.61%     96.00% |          23      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         388      3.08%      3.08% |         394      3.13%      6.20% |         336      2.67%      8.87% |         405      3.21%     12.08% |         406      3.22%     15.30% |         405      3.21%     18.51% |         405      3.21%     21.73% |         402      3.19%     24.91% |         403      3.20%     28.11% |         400      3.17%     31.28% |         300      2.38%     33.66% |         400      3.17%     36.84% |         406      3.22%     40.06% |         402      3.19%     43.25% |         406      3.22%     46.47% |         396      3.14%     49.61% |         402      3.19%     52.80% |         395      3.13%     55.93% |         402      3.19%     59.12% |         399      3.16%     62.28% |         399      3.16%     65.45% |         400      3.17%     68.62% |         396      3.14%     71.76% |         397      3.15%     74.91% |         393      3.12%     78.03% |         396      3.14%     81.17% |         393      3.12%     84.29% |         398      3.16%     87.44% |         395      3.13%     90.58% |         399      3.16%     93.74% |         394      3.13%     96.87% |         395      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12607                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         469      3.28%      3.28% |         433      3.03%      6.31% |         424      2.96%      9.27% |         430      3.01%     12.27% |         443      3.10%     15.37% |         440      3.08%     18.45% |         438      3.06%     21.51% |         442      3.09%     24.60% |         446      3.12%     27.72% |         455      3.18%     30.90% |         449      3.14%     34.03% |         455      3.18%     37.22% |         472      3.30%     40.51% |         473      3.31%     43.82% |         476      3.33%     47.15% |         463      3.24%     50.38% |         467      3.26%     53.65% |         454      3.17%     56.82% |         449      3.14%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         416      2.91%     65.84% |         440      3.08%     68.92% |         431      3.01%     71.93% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.39% |         473      3.31%     84.69% |         440      3.08%     87.77% |         437      3.05%     90.82% |         437      3.05%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.49%     32.49% |           1      0.51%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           0      0.00%     32.99% |           2      1.02%     34.01% |           3      1.52%     35.53% |           1      0.51%     36.04% |           2      1.02%     37.06% |         108     54.82%     91.88% |           1      0.51%     92.39% |           2      1.02%     93.40% |           2      1.02%     94.42% |           2      1.02%     95.43% |           2      1.02%     96.45% |           2      1.02%     97.46% |           1      0.51%     97.97% |           1      0.51%     98.48% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          197                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          41      2.39%      2.39% |          44      2.56%      4.95% |          59      3.43%      8.38% |          53      3.08%     11.47% |          48      2.79%     14.26% |          46      2.68%     16.94% |          50      2.91%     19.85% |          61      3.55%     23.40% |          52      3.03%     26.43% |          54      3.14%     29.57% |          52      3.03%     32.60% |          53      3.08%     35.68% |          59      3.43%     39.12% |          54      3.14%     42.26% |          53      3.08%     45.34% |          56      3.26%     48.60% |          69      4.02%     52.62% |          55      3.20%     55.82% |          59      3.43%     59.25% |          55      3.20%     62.46% |          56      3.26%     65.72% |          71      4.13%     69.85% |          49      2.85%     72.70% |          60      3.49%     76.19% |          53      3.08%     79.28% |          59      3.43%     82.71% |          66      3.84%     86.55% |          50      2.91%     89.46% |          39      2.27%     91.73% |          49      2.85%     94.59% |          46      2.68%     97.26% |          47      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         1718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5242      4.16%      4.16% |        3974      3.15%      7.31% |        4007      3.18%     10.49% |        3924      3.11%     13.60% |        3929      3.12%     16.71% |        3922      3.11%     19.83% |        3918      3.11%     22.93% |        3901      3.09%     26.03% |        3918      3.11%     29.13% |        3945      3.13%     32.26% |        3963      3.14%     35.40% |        3877      3.07%     38.48% |        3888      3.08%     41.56% |        3919      3.11%     44.67% |        3913      3.10%     47.77% |        3868      3.07%     50.84% |        3896      3.09%     53.93% |        3881      3.08%     57.01% |        3882      3.08%     60.09% |        3894      3.09%     63.18% |        3888      3.08%     66.26% |        3884      3.08%     69.34% |        3908      3.10%     72.44% |        3845      3.05%     75.49% |        3877      3.07%     78.56% |        3889      3.08%     81.65% |        3851      3.05%     84.70% |        3849      3.05%     87.75% |        3879      3.08%     90.83% |        3844      3.05%     93.88% |        3839      3.04%     96.92% |        3879      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       126093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         453      3.18%      3.18% |         418      2.93%      6.11% |         438      3.07%      9.18% |         426      2.99%     12.17% |         432      3.03%     15.20% |         428      3.00%     18.21% |         430      3.02%     21.22% |         445      3.12%     24.35% |         441      3.09%     27.44% |         456      3.20%     30.64% |         458      3.21%     33.85% |         450      3.16%     37.01% |         475      3.33%     40.34% |         471      3.30%     43.65% |         472      3.31%     46.96% |         463      3.25%     50.21% |         482      3.38%     53.59% |         455      3.19%     56.78% |         450      3.16%     59.94% |         427      3.00%     62.93% |         418      2.93%     65.87% |         461      3.23%     69.10% |         422      2.96%     72.06% |         432      3.03%     75.09% |         452      3.17%     78.26% |         465      3.26%     81.53% |         481      3.37%     84.90% |         436      3.06%     87.96% |         426      2.99%     90.95% |         431      3.02%     93.97% |         439      3.08%     97.05% |         420      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5275      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5176      3.12%     12.55% |        5163      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5168      3.12%     34.38% |        5197      3.14%     37.51% |        5186      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5166      3.12%     50.01% |        5181      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5182      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.51% |        5183      3.13%     65.64% |        5199      3.14%     68.78% |        5175      3.12%     71.90% |        5170      3.12%     75.02% |        5174      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5185      3.13%     84.39% |        5175      3.12%     87.52% |        5172      3.12%     90.64% |        5173      3.12%     93.76% |        5186      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165755                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          49      2.72%      2.72% |          51      2.83%      5.54% |          40      2.22%      7.76% |          59      3.27%     11.03% |          46      2.55%     13.58% |          41      2.27%     15.85% |          55      3.05%     18.90% |          58      3.22%     22.12% |          44      2.44%     24.56% |          51      2.83%     27.38% |          62      3.44%     30.82% |          72      3.99%     34.81% |          68      3.77%     38.58% |          52      2.88%     41.46% |          55      3.05%     44.51% |          62      3.44%     47.95% |          55      3.05%     51.00% |          53      2.94%     53.94% |          66      3.66%     57.59% |          65      3.60%     61.20% |          65      3.60%     64.80% |          55      3.05%     67.85% |          54      2.99%     70.84% |          65      3.60%     74.45% |          73      4.05%     78.49% |          51      2.83%     81.32% |          64      3.55%     84.87% |          60      3.33%     88.19% |          55      3.05%     91.24% |          47      2.61%     93.85% |          60      3.33%     97.17% |          51      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         1804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |          56      1.65%      1.65% |          82      2.42%      4.07% |          86      2.54%      6.61% |          98      2.89%      9.50% |          64      1.89%     11.39% |          85      2.51%     13.90% |          83      2.45%     16.35% |          99      2.92%     19.27% |          97      2.86%     22.14% |          86      2.54%     24.68% |          79      2.33%     27.01% |         142      4.19%     31.20% |         105      3.10%     34.30% |         117      3.45%     37.75% |         124      3.66%     41.41% |         101      2.98%     44.39% |          94      2.77%     47.17% |         101      2.98%     50.15% |         126      3.72%     53.87% |         116      3.42%     57.29% |         123      3.63%     60.92% |         104      3.07%     63.99% |          89      2.63%     66.62% |         149      4.40%     71.02% |         144      4.25%     75.27% |         131      3.87%     79.13% |         152      4.49%     83.62% |         157      4.63%     88.25% |          87      2.57%     90.82% |         124      3.66%     94.48% |          88      2.60%     97.08% |          99      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         132      2.67%      2.67% |         121      2.45%      5.12% |         139      2.81%      7.93% |         139      2.81%     10.75% |         118      2.39%     13.13% |         135      2.73%     15.87% |         117      2.37%     18.24% |         136      2.75%     20.99% |         148      3.00%     23.98% |         124      2.51%     26.49% |         141      2.85%     29.35% |         174      3.52%     32.87% |         164      3.32%     36.19% |         150      3.04%     39.22% |         182      3.68%     42.91% |         152      3.08%     45.98% |         158      3.20%     49.18% |         145      2.93%     52.11% |         151      3.06%     55.17% |         212      4.29%     59.46% |         165      3.34%     62.80% |         160      3.24%     66.04% |         166      3.36%     69.40% |         187      3.78%     73.18% |         202      4.09%     77.27% |         213      4.31%     81.58% |         175      3.54%     85.12% |         204      4.13%     89.25% |         129      2.61%     91.86% |         144      2.91%     94.78% |         125      2.53%     97.31% |         133      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         4941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7370      3.18%      3.18% |        7267      3.14%      6.32% |        7229      3.12%      9.44% |        7185      3.10%     12.54% |        7344      3.17%     15.70% |        7218      3.11%     18.82% |        7250      3.13%     21.95% |        7256      3.13%     25.08% |        7308      3.15%     28.23% |        7190      3.10%     31.33% |        7281      3.14%     34.48% |        7204      3.11%     37.58% |        7338      3.17%     40.75% |        7162      3.09%     43.84% |        7209      3.11%     46.95% |        7216      3.11%     50.07% |        7387      3.19%     53.25% |        7166      3.09%     56.35% |        7229      3.12%     59.46% |        7201      3.11%     62.57% |        7364      3.18%     65.75% |        7177      3.10%     68.85% |        7171      3.09%     71.94% |        7170      3.09%     75.03% |        7402      3.19%     78.23% |        7182      3.10%     81.33% |        7137      3.08%     84.41% |        7166      3.09%     87.50% |        7404      3.19%     90.69% |        7195      3.10%     93.80% |        7206      3.11%     96.91% |        7166      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       231750                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         137      2.68%      2.68% |         143      2.80%      5.48% |         127      2.49%      7.97% |         155      3.03%     11.00% |         169      3.31%     14.31% |         144      2.82%     17.13% |         133      2.60%     19.73% |         139      2.72%     22.45% |         148      2.90%     25.35% |         147      2.88%     28.22% |         158      3.09%     31.32% |         134      2.62%     33.94% |         162      3.17%     37.11% |         184      3.60%     40.71% |         144      2.82%     43.53% |         172      3.37%     46.90% |         162      3.17%     50.07% |         148      2.90%     52.97% |         150      2.94%     55.90% |         196      3.84%     59.74% |         159      3.11%     62.85% |         152      2.98%     65.83% |         176      3.44%     69.27% |         167      3.27%     72.54% |         189      3.70%     76.24% |         181      3.54%     79.78% |         195      3.82%     83.60% |         187      3.66%     87.26% |         167      3.27%     90.53% |         158      3.09%     93.62% |         160      3.13%     96.75% |         166      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         5109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |          71      1.89%      1.89% |          96      2.56%      4.45% |          89      2.37%      6.82% |         107      2.85%      9.67% |          79      2.10%     11.78% |          90      2.40%     14.18% |         116      3.09%     17.27% |         105      2.80%     20.06% |         123      3.28%     23.34% |          72      1.92%     25.26% |          94      2.50%     27.76% |         145      3.86%     31.63% |         139      3.70%     35.33% |         138      3.68%     39.01% |         105      2.80%     41.81% |         131      3.49%     45.30% |         121      3.22%     48.52% |         121      3.22%     51.75% |         110      2.93%     54.68% |         156      4.16%     58.83% |         147      3.92%     62.75% |         141      3.76%     66.51% |         119      3.17%     69.68% |         119      3.17%     72.85% |         152      4.05%     76.90% |         154      4.10%     81.00% |         150      4.00%     85.00% |         153      4.08%     89.08% |          70      1.87%     90.94% |         130      3.46%     94.40% |          91      2.42%     96.83% |         119      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         3753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51830      6.85%      6.85% |       23649      3.13%      9.98% |       22314      2.95%     12.92% |       23273      3.08%     16.00% |       22708      3.00%     19.00% |       22147      2.93%     21.93% |       21689      2.87%     24.80% |       21704      2.87%     27.66% |       22220      2.94%     30.60% |       22541      2.98%     33.58% |       24227      3.20%     36.78% |       24568      3.25%     40.03% |       22885      3.02%     43.05% |       22340      2.95%     46.01% |       21483      2.84%     48.85% |       21833      2.89%     51.73% |       22949      3.03%     54.76% |       22322      2.95%     57.71% |       22634      2.99%     60.71% |       22734      3.00%     63.71% |       22546      2.98%     66.69% |       24815      3.28%     69.97% |       22272      2.94%     72.91% |       21972      2.90%     75.82% |       22555      2.98%     78.80% |       22782      3.01%     81.81% |       22336      2.95%     84.76% |       22321      2.95%     87.71% |       22370      2.96%     90.67% |       21991      2.91%     93.57% |       23116      3.06%     96.63% |       25505      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       756631                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          75      2.39%      2.39% |          76      2.42%      4.80% |          70      2.23%      7.03% |          81      2.58%      9.61% |          68      2.16%     11.77% |          98      3.12%     14.89% |          69      2.20%     17.09% |          87      2.77%     19.85% |          76      2.42%     22.27% |          90      2.86%     25.14% |          96      3.05%     28.19% |          91      2.90%     31.08% |         102      3.25%     34.33% |          99      3.15%     37.48% |         111      3.53%     41.01% |         102      3.25%     44.26% |          94      2.99%     47.25% |          89      2.83%     50.08% |         128      4.07%     54.15% |         126      4.01%     58.16% |         116      3.69%     61.85% |          98      3.12%     64.97% |         112      3.56%     68.53% |         132      4.20%     72.73% |         138      4.39%     77.12% |         117      3.72%     80.85% |         126      4.01%     84.86% |         142      4.52%     89.37% |          93      2.96%     92.33% |          81      2.58%     94.91% |          84      2.67%     97.58% |          76      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         3143                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          41      2.58%      2.58% |          45      2.83%      5.41% |          34      2.14%      7.55% |          36      2.26%      9.81% |          36      2.26%     12.08% |          35      2.20%     14.28% |          33      2.08%     16.35% |          49      3.08%     19.43% |          41      2.58%     22.01% |          37      2.33%     24.34% |          45      2.83%     27.17% |          57      3.58%     30.75% |          58      3.65%     34.40% |          54      3.40%     37.80% |          49      3.08%     40.88% |          43      2.70%     43.58% |          55      3.46%     47.04% |          63      3.96%     51.01% |          50      3.14%     54.15% |          58      3.65%     57.80% |          51      3.21%     61.01% |          65      4.09%     65.09% |          59      3.71%     68.81% |          54      3.40%     72.20% |          58      3.65%     75.85% |          70      4.40%     80.25% |          68      4.28%     84.53% |          81      5.09%     89.62% |          40      2.52%     92.14% |          29      1.82%     93.96% |          45      2.83%     96.79% |          51      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1590                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |          13      2.72%      2.72% |          16      3.35%      6.07% |          22      4.60%     10.67% |          13      2.72%     13.39% |          15      3.14%     16.53% |          15      3.14%     19.67% |          17      3.56%     23.22% |          18      3.77%     26.99% |          17      3.56%     30.54% |          17      3.56%     34.10% |          14      2.93%     37.03% |          13      2.72%     39.75% |          21      4.39%     44.14% |           6      1.26%     45.40% |          12      2.51%     47.91% |          20      4.18%     52.09% |          16      3.35%     55.44% |           7      1.46%     56.90% |          11      2.30%     59.21% |          17      3.56%     62.76% |          11      2.30%     65.06% |          16      3.35%     68.41% |          12      2.51%     70.92% |          17      3.56%     74.48% |          20      4.18%     78.66% |          19      3.97%     82.64% |          11      2.30%     84.94% |           9      1.88%     86.82% |          15      3.14%     89.96% |          17      3.56%     93.51% |          15      3.14%     96.65% |          16      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          478                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6649      3.25%      3.25% |        6530      3.19%      6.44% |        6365      3.11%      9.56% |        6300      3.08%     12.64% |        6553      3.20%     15.84% |        6344      3.10%     18.94% |        6370      3.11%     22.06% |        6318      3.09%     25.15% |        6410      3.13%     28.28% |        6339      3.10%     31.38% |        6450      3.15%     34.53% |        6320      3.09%     37.62% |        6495      3.18%     40.80% |        6291      3.08%     43.87% |        6407      3.13%     47.01% |        6432      3.14%     50.15% |        6548      3.20%     53.35% |        6265      3.06%     56.42% |        6334      3.10%     59.51% |        6303      3.08%     62.60% |        6470      3.16%     65.76% |        6335      3.10%     68.86% |        6379      3.12%     71.98% |        6366      3.11%     75.09% |        6518      3.19%     78.28% |        6380      3.12%     81.40% |        6255      3.06%     84.45% |        6294      3.08%     87.53% |        6573      3.21%     90.74% |        6250      3.06%     93.80% |        6412      3.14%     96.94% |        6267      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       204522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         688      3.23%      3.23% |         685      3.22%      6.44% |         660      3.10%      9.54% |         662      3.11%     12.65% |         693      3.25%     15.90% |         676      3.17%     19.08% |         667      3.13%     22.21% |         651      3.06%     25.26% |         664      3.12%     28.38% |         658      3.09%     31.47% |         673      3.16%     34.63% |         663      3.11%     37.74% |         665      3.12%     40.86% |         653      3.07%     43.92% |         664      3.12%     47.04% |         674      3.16%     50.20% |         658      3.09%     53.29% |         659      3.09%     56.39% |         662      3.11%     59.49% |         672      3.15%     62.65% |         666      3.13%     65.77% |         639      3.00%     68.77% |         665      3.12%     71.89% |         657      3.08%     74.98% |         672      3.15%     78.13% |         656      3.08%     81.21% |         648      3.04%     84.25% |         661      3.10%     87.36% |         697      3.27%     90.63% |         669      3.14%     93.77% |         674      3.16%     96.93% |         654      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        21305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          48      0.79%      0.79% |          63      1.04%      1.83% |         200      3.30%      5.13% |         227      3.75%      8.88% |         109      1.80%     10.67% |         209      3.45%     14.12% |         224      3.70%     17.82% |         288      4.75%     22.57% |         242      3.99%     26.56% |         198      3.27%     29.83% |         168      2.77%     32.60% |         228      3.76%     36.36% |         177      2.92%     39.28% |         225      3.71%     43.00% |         143      2.36%     45.36% |         115      1.90%     47.25% |         172      2.84%     50.09% |         246      4.06%     54.15% |         223      3.68%     57.83% |         227      3.75%     61.57% |         230      3.79%     65.37% |         190      3.13%     68.50% |         136      2.24%     70.75% |         145      2.39%     73.14% |         216      3.56%     76.70% |         145      2.39%     79.10% |         225      3.71%     82.81% |         219      3.61%     86.42% |         150      2.47%     88.90% |         285      4.70%     93.60% |         132      2.18%     95.78% |         256      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         6061                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           1      5.26%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           2     10.53%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           2     10.53%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           3     15.79%     78.95% |           2     10.53%     89.47% |           0      0.00%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           0      0.00%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          41      0.73%      0.73% |          57      1.01%      1.73% |         191      3.38%      5.11% |         216      3.82%      8.94% |         106      1.88%     10.81% |         192      3.40%     14.21% |         207      3.66%     17.87% |         268      4.74%     22.62% |         225      3.98%     26.60% |         185      3.27%     29.87% |         155      2.74%     32.61% |         218      3.86%     36.47% |         167      2.96%     39.43% |         202      3.57%     43.00% |         129      2.28%     45.28% |         110      1.95%     47.23% |         163      2.88%     50.12% |         233      4.12%     54.24% |         209      3.70%     57.94% |         211      3.73%     61.67% |         217      3.84%     65.51% |         177      3.13%     68.64% |         122      2.16%     70.80% |         137      2.42%     73.23% |         199      3.52%     76.75% |         135      2.39%     79.14% |         210      3.72%     82.85% |         206      3.65%     86.50% |         142      2.51%     89.01% |         268      4.74%     93.75% |         125      2.21%     95.97% |         228      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         5651                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           7      1.71%      1.71% |           6      1.46%      3.17% |           9      2.20%      5.37% |          11      2.68%      8.05% |           3      0.73%      8.78% |          17      4.15%     12.93% |          17      4.15%     17.07% |          20      4.88%     21.95% |          17      4.15%     26.10% |          13      3.17%     29.27% |          13      3.17%     32.44% |          10      2.44%     34.88% |          10      2.44%     37.32% |          23      5.61%     42.93% |          14      3.41%     46.34% |           5      1.22%     47.56% |           9      2.20%     49.76% |          13      3.17%     52.93% |          14      3.41%     56.34% |          16      3.90%     60.24% |          13      3.17%     63.41% |          13      3.17%     66.59% |          14      3.41%     70.00% |           8      1.95%     71.95% |          17      4.15%     76.10% |          10      2.44%     78.54% |          15      3.66%     82.20% |          13      3.17%     85.37% |           8      1.95%     87.32% |          17      4.15%     91.46% |           7      1.71%     93.17% |          28      6.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          410                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          23      2.34%      2.34% |          30      3.05%      5.38% |          26      2.64%      8.02% |          29      2.94%     10.96% |          43      4.37%     15.33% |          29      2.94%     18.27% |          40      4.06%     22.34% |          27      2.74%     25.08% |          38      3.86%     28.93% |          31      3.15%     32.08% |          29      2.94%     35.03% |          39      3.96%     38.98% |          30      3.05%     42.03% |          29      2.94%     44.97% |          30      3.05%     48.02% |          32      3.25%     51.27% |          30      3.05%     54.31% |          32      3.25%     57.56% |          23      2.34%     59.90% |          32      3.25%     63.15% |          24      2.44%     65.58% |          30      3.05%     68.63% |          31      3.15%     71.78% |          30      3.05%     74.82% |          26      2.64%     77.46% |          36      3.65%     81.12% |          33      3.35%     84.47% |          31      3.15%     87.61% |          34      3.45%     91.07% |          33      3.35%     94.42% |          31      3.15%     97.56% |          24      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total          985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          12      2.54%      2.54% |          10      2.11%      4.65% |          16      3.38%      8.03% |          16      3.38%     11.42% |           7      1.48%     12.90% |          11      2.33%     15.22% |          17      3.59%     18.82% |          18      3.81%     22.62% |          14      2.96%     25.58% |          15      3.17%     28.75% |          13      2.75%     31.50% |          13      2.75%     34.25% |          14      2.96%     37.21% |          16      3.38%     40.59% |          22      4.65%     45.24% |          20      4.23%     49.47% |           7      1.48%     50.95% |          15      3.17%     54.12% |          23      4.86%     58.99% |          13      2.75%     61.73% |          12      2.54%     64.27% |          18      3.81%     68.08% |          14      2.96%     71.04% |          19      4.02%     75.05% |          16      3.38%     78.44% |          12      2.54%     80.97% |          16      3.38%     84.36% |          12      2.54%     86.89% |          17      3.59%     90.49% |          13      2.75%     93.23% |          17      3.59%     96.83% |          15      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |          10      3.04%      3.04% |          12      3.65%      6.69% |           8      2.43%      9.12% |           5      1.52%     10.64% |           9      2.74%     13.37% |          10      3.04%     16.41% |          15      4.56%     20.97% |           9      2.74%     23.71% |           9      2.74%     26.44% |           6      1.82%     28.27% |          15      4.56%     32.83% |           9      2.74%     35.56% |           8      2.43%     37.99% |           9      2.74%     40.73% |           4      1.22%     41.95% |          15      4.56%     46.50% |           8      2.43%     48.94% |          12      3.65%     52.58% |          14      4.26%     56.84% |          14      4.26%     61.09% |          11      3.34%     64.44% |           8      2.43%     66.87% |           8      2.43%     69.30% |          11      3.34%     72.64% |          12      3.65%     76.29% |          15      4.56%     80.85% |          13      3.95%     84.80% |          11      3.34%     88.15% |          11      3.34%     91.49% |          10      3.04%     94.53% |           9      2.74%     97.26% |           9      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7337      3.25%      3.25% |        7215      3.19%      6.44% |        7025      3.11%      9.55% |        6962      3.08%     12.64% |        7246      3.21%     15.85% |        7020      3.11%     18.95% |        7037      3.12%     22.07% |        6969      3.09%     25.16% |        7074      3.13%     28.29% |        6997      3.10%     31.39% |        7123      3.15%     34.54% |        6983      3.09%     37.63% |        7160      3.17%     40.80% |        6944      3.07%     43.88% |        7071      3.13%     47.01% |        7106      3.15%     50.16% |        7206      3.19%     53.35% |        6924      3.07%     56.41% |        6996      3.10%     59.51% |        6975      3.09%     62.60% |        7136      3.16%     65.76% |        6974      3.09%     68.85% |        7044      3.12%     71.97% |        7023      3.11%     75.08% |        7190      3.18%     78.26% |        7036      3.12%     81.38% |        6903      3.06%     84.43% |        6955      3.08%     87.51% |        7270      3.22%     90.73% |        6919      3.06%     93.80% |        7086      3.14%     96.94% |        6921      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       225827                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      308357     17.95%     17.95% |      858732     50.00%     67.95% |       69780      4.06%     72.02% |       74477      4.34%     76.35% |       68406      3.98%     80.34% |       73512      4.28%     84.62% |       68663      4.00%     88.61% |       74935      4.36%     92.98% |       57462      3.35%     96.32% |       63140      3.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1717464                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      308357     17.95%     17.95% |      858732     50.00%     67.95% |       69780      4.06%     72.02% |       74477      4.34%     76.35% |       68406      3.98%     80.34% |       73512      4.28%     84.62% |       68663      4.00%     88.61% |       74935      4.36%     92.98% |       57462      3.35%     96.32% |       63140      3.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1717464                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      308357     17.95%     17.95% |      858732     50.00%     67.95% |       69780      4.06%     72.02% |       74477      4.34%     76.35% |       68406      3.98%     80.34% |       73512      4.28%     84.62% |       68663      4.00%     88.61% |       74935      4.36%     92.98% |       57462      3.35%     96.32% |       63140      3.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1717464                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      308357     17.95%     17.95% |      858732     50.00%     67.95% |       69780      4.06%     72.02% |       74477      4.34%     76.35% |       68406      3.98%     80.34% |       73512      4.28%     84.62% |       68663      4.00%     88.61% |       74935      4.36%     92.98% |       57462      3.35%     96.32% |       63140      3.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1717464                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
