
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056744                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56743634000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5232911712500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56907                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100922                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              142712636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3581664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   397.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    22626560                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      40127431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12640000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12640000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8046656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8046656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    222756265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            222756265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141807203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           141807203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    364563468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           364563468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197500                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197500                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12638400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8046656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12640000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8046656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    72990                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     6515                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  56743126500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197500                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  69036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 76502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  16876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  18423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  19087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  19521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  20045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   8321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   9496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  13960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        82709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   250.081998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.370851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.497377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24885     30.09%     30.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20949     25.33%     55.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21783     26.34%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5251      6.35%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3622      4.38%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1952      2.36%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1230      1.49%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          817      0.99%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2220      2.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        82709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.231019                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    32.129050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17575     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17583                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.150600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.486855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.603099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12633     71.85%     71.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2056     11.69%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1773     10.08%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1121      6.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 32777912908                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36480569158                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 987375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   165985.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              184735.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      222.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      141.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   222.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   141.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.60                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  155268                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85214                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    175550.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11626583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43217480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              315705600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              309491280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              172260000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              168869250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             768190800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771763200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407067120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407592000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22315768470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21793771305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14467967250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14925859500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42152835960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42083223255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          742.929558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.702658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12413440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12413440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7829632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7829632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122338                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    218763571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            218763571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    137982562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           137982562                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    356746133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           356746133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193962                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122338                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193962                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122338                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12412032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7829440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12413568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7829632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    62052                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     6180                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  56743002500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193962                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122338                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  67799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  1979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  2262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  2485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  2860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 65692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  16323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  17919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  18717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  19129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  19653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   8267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   9255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  13075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        75912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.632100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   194.671348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.114161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18763     24.72%     24.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20187     26.59%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21821     28.75%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5324      7.01%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3700      4.87%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1839      2.42%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1234      1.63%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          787      1.04%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2257      2.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        75912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.351381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.510204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17077     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17084                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.160794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.495174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.606089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12162     71.19%     71.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2135     12.50%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1678      9.82%     93.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1109      6.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 30757442674                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34393780174                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   158594.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              177344.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      218.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      137.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   218.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   137.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  153855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                79.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    179396.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42951167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              290666880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              283182480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              158598000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              154514250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             755102400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             757270800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396414000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396284400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22093804485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21535563015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14662668000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15152353500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42063130485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          41985045165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.348627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          739.972400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12413440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12413440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7829568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7829568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    218763571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            218763571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    137981434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           137981434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    356745005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           356745005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122337                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122337                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12412352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7829376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12413504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7829568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    64616                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     6175                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  56743562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122337                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   1750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  1803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  1833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  2320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  2580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  2876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 68326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  16327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  17909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  18604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  19047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  19627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   8370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   9390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  13063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        75511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   268.058217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   195.999989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.343901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18430     24.41%     24.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19852     26.29%     50.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22042     29.19%     79.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5300      7.02%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3775      5.00%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1843      2.44%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1218      1.61%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          757      1.00%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2294      3.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        75511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.362315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.554813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17063     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        17068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.167448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.500896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.603751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12113     70.97%     70.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2139     12.53%     83.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1723     10.09%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1093      6.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        17068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 31402023865                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            35038455115                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   161913.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              180663.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      218.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      137.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   218.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   137.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  154077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  86683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    179399.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   76.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875004250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42969053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              287287560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              283492440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              156754125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              154683375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755375400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             757044600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396277920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396407520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        21844518120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21342969990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14881340250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15321294750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42027430095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          41961769395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.719420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.562172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12392640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12392640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7827968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7827968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122312                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    218397010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            218397010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    137953237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           137953237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    356350247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           356350247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122312                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122312                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12391808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7827776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12392640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7827968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    58248                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     6208                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  56742574500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122312                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  67552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  1973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  2656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  2810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 62086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  16349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  18118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  18716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  19563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   8090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   9257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  13076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        75089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   269.264686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.504620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   222.151504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17933     23.88%     23.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20009     26.65%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22077     29.40%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5264      7.01%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3684      4.91%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1878      2.50%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1208      1.61%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          743      0.99%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2293      3.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        75089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.320529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.255200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        17095     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        17103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      7.151318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.487919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.599646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          12209     71.39%     71.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2103     12.30%     83.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1704      9.96%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         1087      6.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        17103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 30571611927                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34202024427                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 968110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   157893.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              176643.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      218.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      137.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   218.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   137.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  153816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  87019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                79.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    179595.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11622007000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1894620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43222050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              286433280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              281179080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              156288000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              153421125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753324000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756615600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396090000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396407520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3705876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        21826261305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21107622690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14897355000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15527739750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42021628305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          41928862485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.617165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          738.982199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7053103                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 53.959428                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.028318                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               110.590842                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6570527     93.16%     93.16% |      155771      2.21%     95.37% |      107001      1.52%     96.88% |       80942      1.15%     98.03% |       61331      0.87%     98.90% |       44060      0.62%     99.53% |       21665      0.31%     99.83% |       10711      0.15%     99.98% |        1095      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7053103                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     15850330                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.585426                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.695834                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.748749                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    14416723     90.96%     90.96% |      913046      5.76%     96.72% |       21292      0.13%     96.85% |       20473      0.13%     96.98% |       27598      0.17%     97.15% |       45898      0.29%     97.44% |       80535      0.51%     97.95% |      143547      0.91%     98.86% |      181218      1.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      15850330                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            15850327                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              41.169867                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.189382                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            208.072623                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    15648902     98.73%     98.73% |      170408      1.08%     99.80% |       27741      0.18%     99.98% |        2981      0.02%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              15850327                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        14673092                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000369                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.019746                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14667803     99.96%     99.96% |        5194      0.04%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          14673092                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177235                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        516.915629                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       268.671139                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       581.740366                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      975810     82.89%     82.89% |      170408     14.48%     97.37% |       27741      2.36%     99.72% |        2981      0.25%     99.97% |         280      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177235                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         109125                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       109125                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          361                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          292                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          272                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          280                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     10942098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     11452081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3726846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3850940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       261630                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22386                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       110995                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529037                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47680                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68409                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        17302                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        17292                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        17476                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68412                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        17161                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        17167                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        17312                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        17559                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        17649                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53476                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27911                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24297                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36683                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10254                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34677                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35034                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10424                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10665                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24234                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34899                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37362                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18375                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24243                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9483876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9483876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9701268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9483876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4103753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4091132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9483876                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.083568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4577990                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4577990                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4772677                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4577989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2260132                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2246454                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4577989                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.040339                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3827975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3827975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4055570                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3827975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1560643                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1546051                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3827975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3358016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3358016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3570772                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3358016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1398912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3358016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4017779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4017779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4265644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4017779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1938805                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1911639                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4017779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.035403                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4035098                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4035098                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4275486                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4035098                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1905547                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1891530                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4035098                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035556                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4698560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4698560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4974689                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4698560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1796408                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1778472                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4698560                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041402                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3425384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3425384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3684355                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3425384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1410133                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1391840                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3425384                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030183                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2342937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2342937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2464576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2342937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1020075                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1011085                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2342937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.020645                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2868598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2868598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3055768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2868598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1335631                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1320270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2868598                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025277                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2041043                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2041043                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120080                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041043                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       827383                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       822103                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2041043                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017985                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1749167                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       695191                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728932                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015235                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2153678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2153678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2182494                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2153678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974645                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       973974                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2153678                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018977                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1828018                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       734213                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805596                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015910                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1074847                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1074847                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1096046                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1074847                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416553                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415647                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1074847                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009471                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1581413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1581413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1622445                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1581413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621312                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619673                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1581413                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013935                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110315                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110315                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2152784                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110315                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       775741                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773427                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110315                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018595                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672798                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672798                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719186                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672798                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638156                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635222                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672798                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014740                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1632934                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1632934                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1694669                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1632934                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652604                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649258                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1632934                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014389                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946327                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946327                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       963942                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946327                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       375076                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374347                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946327                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       922885                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1158549                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550727                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010162                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998589                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998589                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1004222                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998589                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       441003                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440917                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998589                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008799                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626914                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626914                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626914                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626914                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258198                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258198                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626914                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       866070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       866070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       869509                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       866070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363733                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363678                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       866070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1084869                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507483                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507116                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009512                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       986146                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       986146                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       991676                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       986146                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428382                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428286                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       986146                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008689                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632364                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632364                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632364                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632364                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258868                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258868                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632364                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005572                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3894698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3894698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4219761                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3894698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1608402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1601678                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3894698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034318                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3837542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3837542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4066171                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3837542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1557661                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3837542                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033815                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3870665                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3870665                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4168941                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3870665                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1547915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538973                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3870665                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.034107                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4291863                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1628735                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617618                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035421                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     5805300     27.50%     27.50% |    14237673     67.45%     94.95% |     1066989      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21109962                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     5805300     27.50%     27.50% |    14237674     67.45%     94.95% |     1066989      5.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21109963                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   219202515                       |   358005009                       |    24551540                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   443057791                       |    57234539                       |     1066989                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.759033                       |   25.144910                       |   23.010115                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   76.319534                       |    4.019936                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.505928                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    23.749892                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         52.255820                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002958                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.064375      7.07%      7.07% |    0.064252      7.05%     14.12% |    0.062963      6.91%     21.03% |    0.062670      6.88%     27.91% |    0.154143     16.92%     44.83% |    0.150405     16.51%     61.34% |    0.153968     16.90%     78.25% |    0.150202     16.49%     94.74% |    0.011984      1.32%     96.05% |    0.011992      1.32%     97.37% |    0.011989      1.32%     98.68% |    0.011987      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.910929                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.022654                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027614                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002875                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002873                       |    0.002874                       |    0.002875                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005368                       |    0.002840                       |    0.002651                       |    0.002802                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002637                       |    0.002648                       |    0.002698                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002831                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002670                       |    0.002694                       |    0.002783                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002734                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002766                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002733                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002768                       |    0.002836                       |    0.002862                       |    0.002961                       |    0.003143                       |    0.010427                       |    0.010238                       |    0.010238                       |    0.010220                       |    0.000215                       |           0                       |    0.000484                       |    0.001448                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000128                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000119                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000114                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002822                       |    0.000218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |    0.002080                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002746                       |    0.000108                       |    0.003731                       |    0.007496                       |    0.002979                       |           0                       |    0.002892                       |    0.007686                       |           0                       |    0.007982                       |    0.011798                       |    0.003960                       |    0.003586                       |    0.002699                       |    0.000119                       |    0.008300                       |    0.007095                       |    0.011931                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002848                       |    0.000128                       |    0.011049                       |    0.007374                       |    0.004606                       |           0                       |    0.002880                       |    0.007504                       |           0                       |    0.011296                       |    0.007246                       |    0.004889                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.005481                       |    0.003623                       |    0.003354                       |           0                       |    0.002803                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.003025                       |           0                       |    0.001388                       |    0.003056                       |    0.002693                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002742                       |    0.000114                       |    0.004002                       |    0.004559                       |    0.007627                       |    0.002648                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002708                       |    0.000119                       |    0.005259                       |    0.009567                       |    0.010357                       |    0.003809                       |    0.032531                       |    0.004550                       |    0.000484                       |    0.005238                       |    0.015078                       |    0.019906                       |    0.005781                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002872                       |    0.001448                       |    0.005396                       |    0.009348                       |    0.015518                       |    0.005755                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002712                       |    0.000127                       |    0.007860                       |    0.007865                       |    0.008539                       |    0.004869                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |           0                       |    0.002507                       |    0.005454                       |    0.004320                       |    0.003937                       |           0                       |    0.002798                       |           0                       |    0.001261                       |    0.002750                       |    0.002703                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.000467                       |    0.002738                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |    0.002832                       |           0                       |    0.003939                       |    0.003368                       |    0.005122                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.002980                       |    0.007503                       |           0                       |    0.003083                       |    0.007976                       |    0.009823                       |    0.002742                       |    0.003584                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000119                       |    0.018465                       |    0.008287                       |    0.005443                       |    0.002817                       |    0.003585                       |    0.002713                       |    0.000129                       |    0.003674                       |    0.011140                       |    0.006190                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.003076                       |    0.007497                       |           0                       |    0.004011                       |    0.011537                       |    0.006521                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |    0.005451                       |    0.003262                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |    0.002801                       |           0                       |    0.000360                       |    0.002725                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |    0.002791                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002733                       |           0                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.001792                       |           0                       |    0.004955                       |           0                       |    0.002742                       |           0                       |    0.003691                       |    0.001344                       |    0.006158                       |           0                       |    0.002817                       |           0                       |    0.009028                       |    0.003544                       |    0.003206                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.001799                       |    0.006837                       |    0.003352                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |           0                       |    0.005547                       |    0.006062                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002815                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005523                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002804                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002768                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.910929                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5030889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5030889                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3440272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2814228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.802485                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          350748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9658875                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55076                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7840451                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103632                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9713951                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7944083                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  17499326                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158708                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              17658034                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3857988                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3867441                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3857988                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3867441                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109926225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14581929                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               29414581                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5030889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3164976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              90335322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       167157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       239835                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       322443                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3857355                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106133611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.509920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         95942839     90.40%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1546976      1.46%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           827920      0.78%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           759011      0.72%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           815867      0.77%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           861975      0.81%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           735703      0.69%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           494348      0.47%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4148972      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106133611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267585                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9294860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      89080939                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4708671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2705992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       50448826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10430831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        51613155                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7435050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6167067                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30144359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       49108251                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2054071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     51391676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     120950493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75228865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40954723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10436923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          18473857                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4917698                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8106584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       625206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       462937                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           47866858                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       275412                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50573972                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215513                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782181                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12494014                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106133611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85889818     80.93%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7466246      7.03%     87.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5386928      5.08%     93.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2395902      2.26%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2045350      1.93%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1510188      1.42%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878499      0.83%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342610      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218070      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106133611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106596     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680149     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90846     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      32471734     64.21%     64.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9804288     19.39%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7979356     15.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50573972                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.460072                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877591                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.017353                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    208374575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55931848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44485978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       51216006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       810518                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2685                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7740                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512529                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5760741                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4582623                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44961645                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     48142270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4917698                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8106584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       266315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          71870                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816708                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7740                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224851                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       358999                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50060795                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9651847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17501710                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3817420                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7849863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.455404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               44565961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              44486012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          24821420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40279458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.404690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.616230                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8005476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       207555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104856905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.197480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     89197059     85.07%     85.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5557253      5.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5129839      4.89%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1970015      1.88%     97.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       968737      0.92%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       332204      0.32%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219235      0.21%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311430      0.30%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1171133      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104856905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     22626559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       40127428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11336451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3742404                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3443571                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          39776835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       273843                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.28%      0.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     28599216     71.27%     71.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.13%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3742404      9.33%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7594047     18.92%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     40127428                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1171133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            151730458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            97547896                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84762                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3792614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            22626559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              40127428                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.858283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.858283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.205834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.205834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78034873                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        32502270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19129283                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12897732                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        25715509                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1464713500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1464713500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273415                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        85.227330                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.097475                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      156.029523                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2795983     85.41%     85.41% |      151170      4.62%     90.03% |      106496      3.25%     93.29% |       80904      2.47%     95.76% |       61331      1.87%     97.63% |       44060      1.35%     98.98% |       21665      0.66%     99.64% |       10711      0.33%     99.97% |        1095      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273415                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763935                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.899558                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.451403                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.590016                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3739729     99.36%     99.36% |       19062      0.51%     99.86% |        3176      0.08%     99.95% |        1425      0.04%     99.99% |         425      0.01%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763935                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15753                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.141814                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.801092                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.242942                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         553      3.51%      3.51% |        1937     12.30%     15.81% |        7207     45.75%     61.56% |        3601     22.86%     84.42% |        2404     15.26%     99.68% |          43      0.27%     99.95% |           7      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15753                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3988820                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           76.773649                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.184653                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         296.215173                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3880583     97.29%     97.29% |       92057      2.31%     99.59% |       14457      0.36%     99.96% |        1556      0.04%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3988820                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3522262                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.001010                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000871                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031941                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3518715     99.90%     99.90% |        3540      0.10%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3522262                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466558                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     633.717401                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    321.742374                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    631.574413                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      358321     76.80%     76.80% |       92057     19.73%     96.53% |       14457      3.10%     99.63% |        1556      0.33%     99.96% |         161      0.03%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466558                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          7842158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           41.167755                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.217447                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         203.433595                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7749038     98.81%     98.81% |       78300      1.00%     99.81% |       13270      0.17%     99.98% |        1422      0.02%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            7842158                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7267766                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000241                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000205                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.016699                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7266123     99.98%     99.98% |        1555      0.02%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7267766                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574392                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     524.100245                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    313.623050                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    559.799706                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      481272     83.79%     83.79% |       78300     13.63%     97.42% |       13270      2.31%     99.73% |        1422      0.25%     99.98% |         119      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3850938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.669256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.328212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      19.220395                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3850628     99.99%     99.99% |         246      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3850938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3726846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3726839    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3726846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.834784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.228467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.453849                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      123782     99.75%     99.75% |         246      0.20%     99.95% |          29      0.02%     99.97% |          20      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.798714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.805245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    33.420104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      167053     99.98%     99.98% |          34      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000513                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154840     99.94%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154932                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    96.421498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.561717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.186794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       12121     99.69%     99.69% |          34      0.28%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         9154                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1039476                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        45753                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     4088                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     7737                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    14103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     4057                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     7721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    14093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    35325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     4095                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     7677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   13967                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   35380                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    4092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    7670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   14125                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   35509                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    4074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    7754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   14177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   35404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    4092                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    7663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   14103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   35289                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    4084                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    7777                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   14058                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   35247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    4097                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    7721                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   14055                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   35184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    871                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   4310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                    887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   4387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    931                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  4332                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1587                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  4203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                   854                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  1535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                  4308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   945                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  1609                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  4423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                   428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                   831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  1654                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                  4465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                   887                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  1657                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                  4528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3361                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     6444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    14834                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3787                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     6301                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    14873                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     3374                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3869                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    6502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   14917                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    3327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    6349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   14683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                    3400                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    3755                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                    6318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   14828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    3349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                    3731                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                    6314                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   14829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                    3464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                    3872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                    6562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   15226                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                    3422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                    3833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                    6552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   15187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                   95856                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                   98278                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139998999248228                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            139998999584904                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   90059                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                   96499                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  234335                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31382217                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                30918104                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                30922914                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               31074924                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               31405833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               30913679                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               30916329                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               31053446                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               31386317                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               30915808                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               30927710                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               31063461                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               31396700                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               30910194                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               30923962                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               31062349                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               31379427                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               30925024                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               30932622                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               31081426                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               31438853                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               30926315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               30929800                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               31074058                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               31428811                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3857                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 7668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                21488                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3830                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 7700                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                21407                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3817                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                7635                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               21483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                3817                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                7708                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               21604                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                3900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                7757                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               21539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3815                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                7669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               21416                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                7652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               21385                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3868                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                7613                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               21353                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                940                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2672                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                490                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                908                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                503                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2677                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                25                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               503                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2556                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses               420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               851                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses              2621                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               505                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2744                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses               448                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               956                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses              2775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                29                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses               452                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses               995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses              2807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                6435                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13914                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3893                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                3891                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6393                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13918                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                3860                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               6332                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               3925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               3853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               6417                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              13905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               3908                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3854                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               6420                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              13865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               3923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3848                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               6434                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              13873                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3915                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3905                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               6406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              13862                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3853                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               6442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              13831                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               400                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               408                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               669                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1638                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               427                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               711                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1634                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses               394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               428                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses              772                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              395                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses              687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1647                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses              412                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses              434                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              684                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             1687                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses              397                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses              670                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             1679                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses              405                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses              383                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses              698                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             1690                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses              386                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses              435                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses              662                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             1721                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 224153                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 314812                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 733355                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                1489633                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 221750                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 320386                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 715065                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                1453050                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 222809                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 316639                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                724731                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               1474927                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                220208                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                316650                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                723909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               1433195                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                218556                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                315594                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                723421                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               1457142                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                214303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                320179                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                719407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               1477870                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                218409                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                323804                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                714354                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               1497701                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                224072                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                324648                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                705263                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               1487416                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 32874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                126692                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                679165                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1393586                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 18774                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                138122                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                667883                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1364808                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 18934                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                141947                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               672060                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1386996                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                17838                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               148167                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               678449                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1339099                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                15120                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               150413                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               678805                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              1369267                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                15059                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               129453                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               664466                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              1386708                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                16160                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               149484                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               661505                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              1400456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                17570                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               162681                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               651480                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              1399245                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             112374                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             458219                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             120578                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             443740                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             120332                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             444504                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            121541                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            437498                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            121826                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            421192                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            121834                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            461296                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            119025                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            432106                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            121983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            412867                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               380099                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               220239                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               416560                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               646405                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               404444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               226792                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               396125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               612011                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               399517                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               221441                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              407426                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles              641225                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              395256                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              223939                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              412947                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles              604283                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              386056                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              225362                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              418026                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles              624528                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              396772                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              234804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              409217                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles              628218                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              388736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              234560                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              411334                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles              647915                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              404603                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              252579                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              432608                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles              668536                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            32874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           126692                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           679165                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1393586                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            18774                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           138122                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           667883                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1364808                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            18934                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           141947                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          672060                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1386996                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           17838                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          148167                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          678449                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1339099                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           15120                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          150413                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          678805                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         1369267                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           15059                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          129453                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          664466                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         1386708                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           16160                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          149484                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          661505                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         1400456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           17570                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          162681                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          651480                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         1399245                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         71064                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          183994                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          202240                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          413255                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          646405                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          185424                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          215991                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          396125                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          612011                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          185900                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          206001                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         407426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time         641225                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         183459                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         212974                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         412947                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time         604283                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         184047                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         214331                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         418026                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time         624528                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         180068                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         213928                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         409217                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time         628218                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         183938                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         215988                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         411334                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time         647915                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         187484                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         225520                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         422612                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time         668536                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             208551                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             282020                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             719223                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            1457905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             203402                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             285809                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             699769                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            1421322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             204636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             281202                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            709435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           1443199                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            201278                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            291598                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            708613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           1401467                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            197864                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            287465                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            708125                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           1425414                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            194976                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            288480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            704111                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           1446142                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            199890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            297920                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            699058                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           1465973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            204463                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            302987                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            690077                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           1455688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110782639                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         110948799                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111319329                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110782635                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         110948795                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111319325                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110782641                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        110948801                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111319331                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110782637                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        110948797                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111319327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110782646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        110948806                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111319336                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110782642                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        110948802                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111319332                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110782658                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        110948818                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111319348                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110782654                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        110948814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111319344                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          1480169                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          1544053                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          1761066                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2131008                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          1478831                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          1547623                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           707294                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2125573                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          1478520                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          1545310                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         1746778                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2131381                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         1479782                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         1551306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         1747380                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2112719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         1483325                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         1550564                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles          717991                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2110499                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         1481782                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles          312271                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         1747137                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         2120091                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         1482060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         1556548                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         1755974                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         2149901                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         1483062                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         1553724                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         1729737                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         2132497                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0                79                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                82                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               145                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               266                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               654                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0                75                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               78                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              646                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0               81                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              262                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              649                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               76                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0              140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              265                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0              659                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0               85                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0              146                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0              268                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               904                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               788                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1332                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               846                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              1445                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             1310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2660                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1              940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              816                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             1390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2779                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1              807                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             1375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1              918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              914                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1460                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              803                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             1233                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2442                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              842                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             1279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                60                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               581                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1583                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              4395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              4916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               617                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1567                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             4405                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              681                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1716                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             4856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             4393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              706                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1738                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             4894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             1336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             3915                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             1409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             4194                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           14229                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           27448                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           98119                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          253685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           15772                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           23999                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles           87690                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          261723                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles           15816                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles           29529                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles          99050                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         272971                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles          15092                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles          26894                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles          85154                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         265149                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles          15351                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles          31361                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles          88457                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles         264999                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles          13298                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles          25789                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles          91428                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles         251116                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles          17640                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles          32117                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles          89408                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles         292012                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles          19850                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles          29199                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles          92693                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles         288371                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197476     25.35%     25.35% |      193962     24.90%     50.25% |      193961     24.90%     75.14% |      193635     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       779034                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119838     25.55%     25.55% |      116435     24.82%     50.37% |      116434     24.82%     75.19% |      116409     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197500     25.35%     25.35% |      193960     24.90%     50.25% |      193960     24.90%     75.14% |      193635     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       779055                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125729     25.52%     25.52% |      122338     24.83%     50.35% |      122337     24.83%     75.18% |      122312     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       492716                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69446     25.06%     25.06% |       69335     25.02%     50.07% |       69335     25.02%     75.09% |       69034     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       277150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197476     25.35%     25.35% |      193962     24.90%     50.25% |      193961     24.90%     75.14% |      193635     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       779034                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119594     25.54%     25.54% |      116258     24.82%     50.36% |      116257     24.82%     75.18% |      116232     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69446     25.06%     25.06% |       69335     25.02%     50.07% |       69335     25.02%     75.09% |       69034     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       277150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197476     25.35%     25.35% |      193960     24.90%     50.25% |      193960     24.90%     75.14% |      193635     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       779031                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119594     25.54%     25.54% |      116258     24.82%     50.36% |      116257     24.82%     75.18% |      116232     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3692576     92.54%     92.54% |          48      0.00%     92.54% |       37185      0.93%     93.48% |       37185      0.93%     94.41% |       37186      0.93%     95.34% |       37185      0.93%     96.27% |       37186      0.93%     97.20% |       37187      0.93%     98.14% |       37185      0.93%     99.07% |       37184      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3990107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3850997    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3850997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7760903     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |       31227      0.39%     97.27% |       31224      0.39%     97.66% |       31224      0.39%     98.05% |       31230      0.39%     98.44% |       31225      0.39%     98.83% |       31221      0.39%     99.22% |       31222      0.39%     99.61% |       31222      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8010698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15273     98.30%     98.30% |          48      0.31%     98.61% |          18      0.12%     98.73% |          16      0.10%     98.83% |          12      0.08%     98.91% |          28      0.18%     99.09% |          21      0.14%     99.22% |          49      0.32%     99.54% |          47      0.30%     99.84% |          25      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630999     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67392      5.76%     59.69% |       67372      5.76%     65.45% |       67372      5.76%     71.21% |       67365      5.76%     76.96% |       67369      5.76%     82.72% |       67394      5.76%     88.48% |       67383      5.76%     94.24% |       67389      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      9.38%      9.38% |           8     12.50%     21.88% |           9     14.06%     35.94% |           9     14.06%     50.00% |           4      6.25%     56.25% |           6      9.38%     65.62% |          12     18.75%     84.38% |          10     15.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     53.29%     53.29% |           2      1.32%     54.61% |           8      5.26%     59.87% |           6      3.95%     63.82% |           8      5.26%     69.08% |          10      6.58%     75.66% |           5      3.29%     78.95% |           6      3.95%     82.89% |           9      5.92%     88.82% |          17     11.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169754     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36848      7.93%     44.49% |       36852      7.93%     52.42% |       36846      7.93%     60.35% |       36828      7.93%     68.28% |       36842      7.93%     76.21% |       36822      7.93%     84.14% |       36812      7.93%     92.07% |       36855      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.32%      1.32% |           8      5.26%      6.58% |          10      6.58%     13.16% |          10      6.58%     19.74% |           4      2.63%     22.37% |          17     11.18%     33.55% |          15      9.87%     43.42% |          43     28.29%     71.71% |          36     23.68%     95.39% |           7      4.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464295     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31046      4.36%     69.52% |       31018      4.35%     73.87% |       31034      4.36%     78.22% |       31032      4.35%     82.58% |       31021      4.35%     86.93% |       31030      4.35%     91.29% |       31047      4.36%     95.64% |       31038      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506202     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67368      6.45%     54.89% |       67344      6.44%     61.33% |       67351      6.45%     67.78% |       67328      6.44%     74.22% |       67341      6.44%     80.67% |       67328      6.44%     87.11% |       67325      6.44%     93.55% |       67354      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170812     36.68%     36.68% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36858      7.91%     44.60% |       36862      7.92%     52.51% |       36850      7.91%     60.43% |       36846      7.91%     68.34% |       36858      7.91%     76.25% |       36865      7.92%     84.17% |       36850      7.91%     92.08% |       36863      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338258     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31046      5.29%     62.97% |       31018      5.29%     68.25% |       31034      5.29%     73.55% |       31031      5.29%     78.84% |       31020      5.29%     84.12% |       31030      5.29%     89.42% |       31045      5.29%     94.71% |       31037      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11267     98.12%     98.12% |           0      0.00%     98.12% |          18      0.16%     98.28% |          16      0.14%     98.42% |          12      0.10%     98.52% |          28      0.24%     98.76% |          21      0.18%     98.95% |          49      0.43%     99.37% |          47      0.41%     99.78% |          25      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         847     97.13%     97.13% |          25      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         844     92.95%     92.95% |           0      0.00%     92.95% |           6      0.66%     93.61% |           8      0.88%     94.49% |           9      0.99%     95.48% |           9      0.99%     96.48% |           4      0.44%     96.92% |           6      0.66%     97.58% |          12      1.32%     98.90% |          10      1.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |          14      0.07%     99.94% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3726846    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3726846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2312     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123692     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          18      0.01%     99.84% |          16      0.01%     99.85% |          12      0.01%     99.86% |          28      0.02%     99.89% |          21      0.02%     99.90% |          49      0.04%     99.94% |          46      0.04%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1643213     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |         326      0.02%     99.86% |         320      0.02%     99.88% |         334      0.02%     99.90% |         338      0.02%     99.92% |         322      0.02%     99.94% |         305      0.02%     99.96% |         323      0.02%     99.98% |         320      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1645801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1516     97.55%     97.55% |          38      2.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139034     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36630      8.48%     40.65% |       36654      8.48%     49.13% |       36694      8.49%     57.62% |       36643      8.48%     66.10% |       36627      8.48%     74.57% |       36625      8.47%     83.05% |       36613      8.47%     91.52% |       36647      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.90%      2.90% |           8     11.59%     14.49% |           6      8.70%     23.19% |           8     11.59%     34.78% |          10     14.49%     49.28% |           5      7.25%     56.52% |           6      8.70%     65.22% |           8     11.59%     76.81% |          16     23.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1855835    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1855835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7393344     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         179      0.00%     99.98% |         206      0.00%     99.98% |         190      0.00%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         204      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7394872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367168     59.92%     59.92% |           0      0.00%     59.92% |       30738      5.02%     64.94% |       30690      5.01%     69.94% |       30657      5.00%     74.95% |       30685      5.01%     79.95% |       30714      5.01%     84.97% |       30703      5.01%     89.98% |       30712      5.01%     94.99% |       30707      5.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6      9.38%      9.38% |           8     12.50%     21.88% |           9     14.06%     35.94% |           9     14.06%     50.00% |           4      6.25%     56.25% |           6      9.38%     65.62% |          12     18.75%     84.38% |          10     15.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         251     95.08%     95.08% |           0      0.00%     95.08% |           0      0.00%     95.08% |           4      1.52%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |           3      1.14%     97.73% |           5      1.89%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169754     36.55%     36.55% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36848      7.93%     44.49% |       36852      7.93%     52.42% |       36846      7.93%     60.35% |       36828      7.93%     68.28% |       36842      7.93%     76.21% |       36822      7.93%     84.14% |       36812      7.93%     92.07% |       36855      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.32%      1.32% |           8      5.26%      6.58% |          10      6.58%     13.16% |          10      6.58%     19.74% |           4      2.63%     22.37% |          17     11.18%     33.55% |          15      9.87%     43.42% |          43     28.29%     71.71% |          36     23.68%     95.39% |           7      4.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125994    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       125999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10     62.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           6     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338301     57.68%     57.68% |           0      0.00%     57.68% |       31046      5.29%     62.97% |       31018      5.29%     68.26% |       31034      5.29%     73.55% |       31031      5.29%     78.84% |       31020      5.29%     84.13% |       31030      5.29%     89.42% |       31045      5.29%     94.71% |       31037      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1275     99.14%     99.14% |           0      0.00%     99.14% |           1      0.08%     99.22% |           1      0.08%     99.30% |           2      0.16%     99.46% |           1      0.08%     99.53% |           2      0.16%     99.69% |           3      0.23%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         123     95.35%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           2      1.55%     96.90% |           0      0.00%     96.90% |           0      0.00%     96.90% |           2      1.55%     98.45% |           1      0.78%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506202     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67368      6.45%     54.89% |       67344      6.44%     61.34% |       67351      6.45%     67.78% |       67328      6.44%     74.22% |       67341      6.44%     80.67% |       67328      6.44%     87.11% |       67324      6.44%     93.55% |       67353      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3865      3.11%      3.11% |        3802      3.06%      6.18% |        3547      2.86%      9.03% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3279      2.64%     23.66% |        3556      2.87%     26.53% |        5140      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.86% |        3820      3.08%     36.94% |        3563      2.87%     39.81% |        4325      3.48%     43.29% |        3868      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.05% |        3383      2.73%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.73% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4615      3.72%     84.96% |        3974      3.20%     88.16% |        5203      4.19%     92.36% |        5071      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55091     11.81%     11.81% |       13892      2.98%     14.78% |       12704      2.72%     17.51% |       13622      2.92%     20.43% |       12829      2.75%     23.18% |       12691      2.72%     25.90% |       12291      2.63%     28.53% |       12555      2.69%     31.22% |       12938      2.77%     33.99% |       12815      2.75%     36.74% |       14952      3.20%     39.95% |       13305      2.85%     42.80% |       12850      2.75%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12197      2.61%     50.91% |       12581      2.70%     53.61% |       13679      2.93%     56.54% |       12729      2.73%     59.27% |       13101      2.81%     62.08% |       13147      2.82%     64.90% |       13664      2.93%     67.82% |       16813      3.60%     71.43% |       12769      2.74%     74.16% |       12924      2.77%     76.93% |       12857      2.76%     79.69% |       13001      2.79%     82.48% |       12529      2.69%     85.16% |       12243      2.62%     87.79% |       13257      2.84%     90.63% |       12623      2.71%     93.33% |       13606      2.92%     96.25% |       17502      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22431      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16824      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17473      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17607      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17678      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18473      3.15%     64.00% |       20244      3.45%     67.45% |       18476      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18406      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18650      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19439      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75600      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29304      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29609      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28908      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.50% |       30211      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32340      3.09%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30337      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31300      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30761      2.94%     59.57% |       31440      3.01%     62.58% |       31923      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31056      2.97%     81.04% |       30991      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32511      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33955      3.25%     96.37% |       37946      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044941                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17849      3.81%      3.81% |       14526      3.10%      6.91% |       14536      3.10%     10.02% |       14522      3.10%     13.12% |       14505      3.10%     16.22% |       14512      3.10%     19.32% |       14525      3.10%     22.42% |       14523      3.10%     25.52% |       14534      3.10%     28.62% |       14542      3.11%     31.73% |       14535      3.10%     34.83% |       14530      3.10%     37.94% |       14517      3.10%     41.04% |       14527      3.10%     44.14% |       14520      3.10%     47.24% |       14517      3.10%     50.34% |       14567      3.11%     53.45% |       14535      3.10%     56.56% |       14538      3.10%     59.66% |       14536      3.10%     62.77% |       14521      3.10%     65.87% |       14544      3.11%     68.97% |       14530      3.10%     72.08% |       14532      3.10%     75.18% |       14546      3.11%     78.29% |       14542      3.11%     81.39% |       14534      3.10%     84.50% |       14530      3.10%     87.60% |       14528      3.10%     90.70% |       14506      3.10%     93.80% |       14517      3.10%     96.90% |       14518      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8871      3.20%      3.20% |        8722      3.15%      6.35% |        8725      3.15%      9.49% |        8668      3.13%     12.62% |        8658      3.12%     15.74% |        8638      3.12%     18.86% |        8648      3.12%     21.98% |        8654      3.12%     25.10% |        8658      3.12%     28.22% |        8696      3.14%     31.36% |        8729      3.15%     34.51% |        8672      3.13%     37.63% |        8699      3.14%     40.77% |        8661      3.12%     43.90% |        8697      3.14%     47.03% |        8630      3.11%     50.15% |        8670      3.13%     53.27% |        8641      3.12%     56.39% |        8643      3.12%     59.51% |        8618      3.11%     62.61% |        8641      3.12%     65.73% |        8659      3.12%     68.85% |        8635      3.11%     71.97% |        8602      3.10%     75.07% |        8639      3.12%     78.19% |        8681      3.13%     81.32% |        8654      3.12%     84.44% |        8594      3.10%     87.54% |        8637      3.12%     90.66% |        8661      3.12%     93.78% |        8626      3.11%     96.89% |        8620      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       277247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27834      3.57%      3.57% |       24294      3.12%      6.69% |       24308      3.12%      9.81% |       24237      3.11%     12.92% |       24209      3.11%     16.03% |       24196      3.11%     19.14% |       24219      3.11%     22.25% |       24223      3.11%     25.35% |       24238      3.11%     28.47% |       24284      3.12%     31.58% |       24310      3.12%     34.70% |       24248      3.11%     37.82% |       24262      3.11%     40.93% |       24234      3.11%     44.04% |       24262      3.11%     47.16% |       24193      3.11%     50.26% |       24283      3.12%     53.38% |       24222      3.11%     56.49% |       24227      3.11%     59.60% |       24200      3.11%     62.70% |       24208      3.11%     65.81% |       24249      3.11%     68.92% |       24211      3.11%     72.03% |       24180      3.10%     75.14% |       24231      3.11%     78.25% |       24269      3.12%     81.36% |       24234      3.11%     84.47% |       24170      3.10%     87.57% |       24211      3.11%     90.68% |       24212      3.11%     93.79% |       24189      3.11%     96.90% |       24184      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       779031                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26810      3.59%      3.59% |       23270      3.12%      6.71% |       23284      3.12%      9.83% |       23213      3.11%     12.94% |       23185      3.11%     16.05% |       23172      3.11%     19.15% |       23195      3.11%     22.26% |       23199      3.11%     25.37% |       23214      3.11%     28.48% |       23260      3.12%     31.60% |       23286      3.12%     34.72% |       23224      3.11%     37.83% |       23238      3.11%     40.94% |       23210      3.11%     44.05% |       23239      3.11%     47.17% |       23169      3.10%     50.27% |       23259      3.12%     53.39% |       23198      3.11%     56.50% |       23203      3.11%     59.61% |       23176      3.11%     62.71% |       23184      3.11%     65.82% |       23225      3.11%     68.93% |       23187      3.11%     72.04% |       23156      3.10%     75.14% |       23207      3.11%     78.25% |       23245      3.11%     81.37% |       23210      3.11%     84.48% |       23146      3.10%     87.58% |       23187      3.11%     90.69% |       23188      3.11%     93.79% |       23165      3.10%     96.90% |       23160      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       746264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     21.62%     21.62% |           2      0.77%     22.39% |           6      2.32%     24.71% |           5      1.93%     26.64% |           4      1.54%     28.19% |           4      1.54%     29.73% |           4      1.54%     31.27% |           5      1.93%     33.20% |           7      2.70%     35.91% |           4      1.54%     37.45% |           6      2.32%     39.77% |           4      1.54%     41.31% |           5      1.93%     43.24% |           3      1.16%     44.40% |           4      1.54%     45.95% |           3      1.16%     47.10% |           4      1.54%     48.65% |           3      1.16%     49.81% |           9      3.47%     53.28% |          10      3.86%     57.14% |          19      7.34%     64.48% |          19      7.34%     71.81% |           9      3.47%     75.29% |          10      3.86%     79.15% |           7      2.70%     81.85% |           8      3.09%     84.94% |           7      2.70%     87.64% |           9      3.47%     91.12% |           7      2.70%     93.82% |           6      2.32%     96.14% |           7      2.70%     98.84% |           3      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          25     35.21%     35.21% |           0      0.00%     35.21% |           0      0.00%     35.21% |          15     21.13%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |           0      0.00%     56.34% |          13     18.31%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |           0      0.00%     74.65% |          16     22.54%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           2      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          27     17.53%     17.53% |           2      1.30%     18.83% |           1      0.65%     19.48% |          21     13.64%     33.12% |           3      1.95%     35.06% |           3      1.95%     37.01% |           4      2.60%     39.61% |           3      1.95%     41.56% |           5      3.25%     44.81% |           3      1.95%     46.75% |           2      1.30%     48.05% |           2      1.30%     49.35% |           3      1.95%     51.30% |           3      1.95%     53.25% |           4      2.60%     55.84% |           3      1.95%     57.79% |          16     10.39%     68.18% |           1      0.65%     68.83% |           2      1.30%     70.13% |          16     10.39%     80.52% |           1      0.65%     81.17% |           0      0.00%     81.17% |           1      0.65%     81.82% |           2      1.30%     83.12% |           3      1.95%     85.06% |           5      3.25%     88.31% |           4      2.60%     90.91% |           5      3.25%     94.16% |           3      1.95%     96.10% |           2      1.30%     97.40% |           2      1.30%     98.70% |           2      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         541      3.56%      3.56% |         471      3.10%      6.66% |         464      3.05%      9.71% |         467      3.07%     12.78% |         462      3.04%     15.82% |         457      3.01%     18.83% |         469      3.08%     21.91% |         468      3.08%     24.99% |         460      3.03%     28.01% |         462      3.04%     31.05% |         511      3.36%     34.41% |         484      3.18%     37.60% |         502      3.30%     40.90% |         477      3.14%     44.04% |         497      3.27%     47.31% |         481      3.16%     50.47% |         508      3.34%     53.81% |         486      3.20%     57.01% |         472      3.10%     60.11% |         462      3.04%     63.15% |         438      2.88%     66.03% |         483      3.18%     69.21% |         452      2.97%     72.18% |         444      2.92%     75.10% |         482      3.17%     78.27% |         500      3.29%     81.56% |         486      3.20%     84.76% |         451      2.97%     87.73% |         461      3.03%     90.76% |         473      3.11%     93.87% |         473      3.11%     96.98% |         459      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          26     17.11%     17.11% |           2      1.32%     18.42% |           1      0.66%     19.08% |          18     11.84%     30.92% |           3      1.97%     32.89% |           3      1.97%     34.87% |           4      2.63%     37.50% |           3      1.97%     39.47% |           5      3.29%     42.76% |           3      1.97%     44.74% |           2      1.32%     46.05% |           2      1.32%     47.37% |           3      1.97%     49.34% |           3      1.97%     51.32% |           4      2.63%     53.95% |           3      1.97%     55.92% |          16     10.53%     66.45% |           1      0.66%     67.11% |           2      1.32%     68.42% |          16     10.53%     78.95% |           1      0.66%     79.61% |           0      0.00%     79.61% |           1      0.66%     80.26% |           2      1.32%     81.58% |           3      1.97%     83.55% |           5      3.29%     86.84% |           4      2.63%     89.47% |           7      4.61%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75932      7.22%      7.22% |       32867      3.13%     10.35% |       29492      2.81%     13.16% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29792      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29089      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30399      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.24% |       32542      3.10%     36.33% |       30868      2.94%     39.27% |       30521      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29598      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31506      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.63% |       30937      2.94%     59.57% |       31640      3.01%     62.58% |       32125      3.06%     65.64% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31255      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31174      2.97%     84.02% |       30880      2.94%     86.95% |       32693      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34140      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         445      3.30%      3.30% |         422      3.12%      6.42% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         410      3.04%     15.51% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         416      3.08%     30.73% |         443      3.28%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.60% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         449      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12416      4.30%      4.30% |        8990      3.11%      7.41% |        9006      3.12%     10.53% |        8944      3.10%     13.62% |        8918      3.09%     16.71% |        8906      3.08%     19.79% |        8912      3.09%     22.88% |        8921      3.09%     25.97% |        8937      3.09%     29.06% |        8971      3.11%     32.17% |        8988      3.11%     35.28% |        8909      3.08%     38.36% |        8920      3.09%     41.45% |        8913      3.09%     44.54% |        8928      3.09%     47.63% |        8872      3.07%     50.70% |        8915      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8899      3.08%     59.94% |        8895      3.08%     63.02% |        8910      3.08%     66.10% |        8922      3.09%     69.19% |        8923      3.09%     72.28% |        8889      3.08%     75.36% |        8897      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8897      3.08%     84.61% |        8877      3.07%     87.68% |        8910      3.08%     90.77% |        8905      3.08%     93.85% |        8870      3.07%     96.92% |        8902      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288874                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14973      3.14%      3.14% |       14883      3.12%      6.26% |       14888      3.12%      9.39% |       14889      3.12%     12.51% |       14881      3.12%     15.63% |       14889      3.12%     18.76% |       14893      3.12%     21.88% |       14885      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.38% |       14901      3.13%     37.50% |       14890      3.12%     40.63% |       14892      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14881      3.12%     49.99% |       14918      3.13%     53.12% |       14894      3.12%     56.25% |       14894      3.12%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14912      3.13%     65.63% |       14919      3.13%     68.76% |       14884      3.12%     71.88% |       14896      3.13%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14898      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14886      3.12%     90.63% |       14882      3.12%     93.75% |       14893      3.12%     96.88% |       14880      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           8      6.30%      6.30% |           3      2.36%      8.66% |           2      1.57%     10.24% |          10      7.87%     18.11% |           3      2.36%     20.47% |           5      3.94%     24.41% |           6      4.72%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           5      3.94%     35.43% |           3      2.36%     37.80% |           2      1.57%     39.37% |           2      1.57%     40.94% |           4      3.15%     44.09% |           3      2.36%     46.46% |           5      3.94%     50.39% |           3      2.36%     52.76% |          14     11.02%     63.78% |           1      0.79%     64.57% |           3      2.36%     66.93% |           8      6.30%     73.23% |           1      0.79%     74.02% |           0      0.00%     74.02% |           1      0.79%     74.80% |           2      1.57%     76.38% |           4      3.15%     79.53% |           5      3.94%     83.46% |           5      3.94%     87.40% |           6      4.72%     92.13% |           3      2.36%     94.49% |           2      1.57%     96.06% |           2      1.57%     97.64% |           3      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         411      3.04%      9.58% |         412      3.05%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.25% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         424      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41085     23.39%     23.39% |        4888      2.78%     26.18% |        3684      2.10%     28.27% |        4636      2.64%     30.91% |        3895      2.22%     33.13% |        3700      2.11%     35.24% |        3353      1.91%     37.15% |        3623      2.06%     39.21% |        3989      2.27%     41.48% |        3841      2.19%     43.67% |        5947      3.39%     47.05% |        4389      2.50%     49.55% |        3923      2.23%     51.79% |        3904      2.22%     54.01% |        3245      1.85%     55.86% |        3703      2.11%     57.97% |        4741      2.70%     60.67% |        3835      2.18%     62.85% |        4135      2.35%     65.20% |        4233      2.41%     67.61% |        4752      2.71%     70.32% |        7873      4.48%     74.80% |        3843      2.19%     76.99% |        4031      2.30%     79.29% |        3952      2.25%     81.54% |        4064      2.31%     83.85% |        3625      2.06%     85.91% |        3356      1.91%     87.83% |        4344      2.47%     90.30% |        3715      2.12%     92.41% |        4733      2.69%     95.11% |        8590      4.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       175627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7406      6.74%      6.74% |        4100      3.73%     10.48% |        1912      1.74%     12.22% |        3926      3.58%     15.79% |        2098      1.91%     17.70% |        2184      1.99%     19.69% |        1931      1.76%     21.45% |        2268      2.07%     23.52% |        2578      2.35%     25.86% |        2282      2.08%     27.94% |        2728      2.48%     30.43% |        2668      2.43%     32.86% |        2784      2.54%     35.39% |        2596      2.36%     37.75% |        2537      2.31%     40.07% |        2738      2.49%     42.56% |        2917      2.66%     45.21% |        2697      2.46%     47.67% |        2996      2.73%     50.40% |        3610      3.29%     53.69% |        3551      3.23%     56.92% |        5317      4.84%     61.76% |        3592      3.27%     65.03% |        3434      3.13%     68.16% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3354      3.05%     74.40% |        3748      3.41%     77.81% |        3751      3.42%     81.23% |        4553      4.15%     85.37% |        4656      4.24%     89.61% |        5644      5.14%     94.75% |        5762      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17838      3.81%      3.81% |       14520      3.10%      6.91% |       14530      3.10%     10.02% |       14510      3.10%     13.12% |       14500      3.10%     16.22% |       14505      3.10%     19.32% |       14516      3.10%     22.42% |       14519      3.10%     25.52% |       14528      3.10%     28.62% |       14537      3.11%     31.73% |       14529      3.10%     34.83% |       14526      3.10%     37.94% |       14512      3.10%     41.04% |       14523      3.10%     44.14% |       14514      3.10%     47.24% |       14513      3.10%     50.34% |       14551      3.11%     53.45% |       14532      3.10%     56.56% |       14532      3.10%     59.66% |       14526      3.10%     62.76% |       14518      3.10%     65.87% |       14540      3.11%     68.97% |       14526      3.10%     72.08% |       14529      3.10%     75.18% |       14540      3.11%     78.29% |       14534      3.11%     81.39% |       14526      3.10%     84.50% |       14522      3.10%     87.60% |       14521      3.10%     90.70% |       14500      3.10%     93.80% |       14512      3.10%     96.90% |       14512      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8341      3.18%      3.18% |        8257      3.15%      6.33% |        8262      3.15%      9.48% |        8211      3.13%     12.62% |        8200      3.13%     15.74% |        8187      3.12%     18.87% |        8188      3.12%     21.99% |        8189      3.12%     25.12% |        8202      3.13%     28.24% |        8238      3.14%     31.39% |        8220      3.14%     34.52% |        8190      3.12%     37.65% |        8200      3.13%     40.78% |        8188      3.12%     43.90% |        8206      3.13%     47.03% |        8153      3.11%     50.14% |        8177      3.12%     53.26% |        8156      3.11%     56.37% |        8170      3.12%     59.49% |        8156      3.11%     62.60% |        8188      3.12%     65.72% |        8161      3.11%     68.84% |        8179      3.12%     71.96% |        8154      3.11%     75.07% |        8159      3.11%     78.18% |        8186      3.12%     81.30% |        8173      3.12%     84.42% |        8147      3.11%     87.53% |        8179      3.12%     90.65% |        8190      3.12%     93.77% |        8153      3.11%     96.88% |        8166      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       262126                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          26     17.11%     17.11% |           2      1.32%     18.42% |           1      0.66%     19.08% |          18     11.84%     30.92% |           3      1.97%     32.89% |           3      1.97%     34.87% |           4      2.63%     37.50% |           3      1.97%     39.47% |           5      3.29%     42.76% |           3      1.97%     44.74% |           2      1.32%     46.05% |           2      1.32%     47.37% |           3      1.97%     49.34% |           3      1.97%     51.32% |           4      2.63%     53.95% |           3      1.97%     55.92% |          16     10.53%     66.45% |           1      0.66%     67.11% |           2      1.32%     68.42% |          16     10.53%     78.95% |           1      0.66%     79.61% |           0      0.00%     79.61% |           1      0.66%     80.26% |           2      1.32%     81.58% |           3      1.97%     83.55% |           5      3.29%     86.84% |           4      2.63%     89.47% |           7      4.61%     94.08% |           3      1.97%     96.05% |           2      1.32%     97.37% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          50     78.12%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |          14     21.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75598      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29304      2.80%     13.17% |       32199      3.08%     16.25% |       29609      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28908      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.50% |       30211      2.89%     30.39% |       29810      2.85%     33.24% |       32340      3.09%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30337      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.06% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.75% |       31300      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.63% |       30761      2.94%     59.57% |       31440      3.01%     62.58% |       31923      3.06%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31055      2.97%     72.13% |       31065      2.97%     75.10% |       31069      2.97%     78.07% |       31056      2.97%     81.04% |       30991      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32511      3.11%     90.06% |       31973      3.06%     93.12% |       33955      3.25%     96.37% |       37946      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.95%      3.95% |           3      3.95%      7.89% |           4      5.26%     13.16% |           2      2.63%     15.79% |           2      2.63%     18.42% |           2      2.63%     21.05% |           3      3.95%     25.00% |           1      1.32%     26.32% |           1      1.32%     27.63% |           2      2.63%     30.26% |           4      5.26%     35.53% |           2      2.63%     38.16% |           1      1.32%     39.47% |           1      1.32%     40.79% |           1      1.32%     42.11% |           1      1.32%     43.42% |           2      2.63%     46.05% |           2      2.63%     48.68% |           3      3.95%     52.63% |           2      2.63%     55.26% |           2      2.63%     57.89% |           4      5.26%     63.16% |           3      3.95%     67.11% |           1      1.32%     68.42% |           2      2.63%     71.05% |           3      3.95%     75.00% |           3      3.95%     78.95% |           2      2.63%     81.58% |           4      5.26%     86.84% |           4      5.26%     92.11% |           3      3.95%     96.05% |           3      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           76                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          66      4.13%      4.13% |          44      2.75%      6.88% |          52      3.25%     10.13% |          45      2.81%     12.95% |          47      2.94%     15.88% |          49      3.06%     18.95% |          43      2.69%     21.64% |          49      3.06%     24.70% |          49      3.06%     27.77% |          44      2.75%     30.52% |          64      4.00%     34.52% |          44      2.75%     37.27% |          50      3.13%     40.40% |          45      2.81%     43.21% |          43      2.69%     45.90% |          39      2.44%     48.34% |          43      2.69%     51.03% |          46      2.88%     53.91% |          41      2.56%     56.47% |          52      3.25%     59.72% |          68      4.25%     63.98% |          92      5.75%     69.73% |          52      3.25%     72.98% |          50      3.13%     76.11% |          50      3.13%     79.24% |          46      2.88%     82.11% |          45      2.81%     84.93% |          47      2.94%     87.87% |          45      2.81%     90.68% |          47      2.94%     93.62% |          50      3.13%     96.75% |          52      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.17%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           0      0.00%      4.17% |           2      8.33%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2      8.33%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           0      0.00%     20.83% |           8     33.33%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           0      0.00%     54.17% |           6     25.00%     79.17% |           1      4.17%     83.33% |           4     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           2     11.11%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |          10     55.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26810      3.59%      3.59% |       23270      3.12%      6.71% |       23284      3.12%      9.83% |       23213      3.11%     12.94% |       23185      3.11%     16.05% |       23172      3.11%     19.15% |       23195      3.11%     22.26% |       23199      3.11%     25.37% |       23214      3.11%     28.48% |       23260      3.12%     31.60% |       23286      3.12%     34.72% |       23224      3.11%     37.83% |       23238      3.11%     40.94% |       23210      3.11%     44.05% |       23239      3.11%     47.17% |       23169      3.10%     50.27% |       23259      3.12%     53.39% |       23198      3.11%     56.50% |       23203      3.11%     59.61% |       23176      3.11%     62.71% |       23184      3.11%     65.82% |       23225      3.11%     68.93% |       23187      3.11%     72.04% |       23156      3.10%     75.14% |       23207      3.11%     78.25% |       23245      3.11%     81.37% |       23210      3.11%     84.48% |       23146      3.10%     87.58% |       23187      3.11%     90.69% |       23188      3.11%     93.79% |       23165      3.10%     96.90% |       23160      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       746264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.69%      7.69% |           3      5.77%     13.46% |           3      5.77%     19.23% |           2      3.85%     23.08% |           2      3.85%     26.92% |           2      3.85%     30.77% |           3      5.77%     36.54% |           2      3.85%     40.38% |           1      1.92%     42.31% |           2      3.85%     46.15% |           3      5.77%     51.92% |           2      3.85%     55.77% |           1      1.92%     57.69% |           1      1.92%     59.62% |           1      1.92%     61.54% |           1      1.92%     63.46% |           2      3.85%     67.31% |           1      1.92%     69.23% |           1      1.92%     71.15% |           0      0.00%     71.15% |           1      1.92%     73.08% |           2      3.85%     76.92% |           1      1.92%     78.85% |           1      1.92%     80.77% |           0      0.00%     80.77% |           2      3.85%     84.62% |           1      1.92%     86.54% |           0      0.00%     86.54% |           1      1.92%     88.46% |           2      3.85%     92.31% |           1      1.92%     94.23% |           3      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           6     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      1.03%      1.03% |           0      0.00%      1.03% |           4      4.12%      5.15% |           2      2.06%      7.22% |           1      1.03%      8.25% |           1      1.03%      9.28% |           0      0.00%      9.28% |           2      2.06%     11.34% |           2      2.06%     13.40% |           1      1.03%     14.43% |           3      3.09%     17.53% |           2      2.06%     19.59% |           2      2.06%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           0      0.00%     21.65% |           1      1.03%     22.68% |           1      1.03%     23.71% |           5      5.15%     28.87% |           8      8.25%     37.11% |          17     17.53%     54.64% |          17     17.53%     72.16% |           6      6.19%     78.35% |           7      7.22%     85.57% |           2      2.06%     87.63% |           2      2.06%     89.69% |           1      1.03%     90.72% |           2      2.06%     92.78% |           1      1.03%     93.81% |           2      2.06%     95.88% |           3      3.09%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          65      4.33%      4.33% |          44      2.93%      7.26% |          48      3.20%     10.45% |          43      2.86%     13.32% |          46      3.06%     16.38% |          48      3.20%     19.57% |          43      2.86%     22.44% |          47      3.13%     25.57% |          47      3.13%     28.70% |          43      2.86%     31.56% |          61      4.06%     35.62% |          42      2.80%     38.42% |          48      3.20%     41.61% |          45      3.00%     44.61% |          43      2.86%     47.47% |          39      2.60%     50.07% |          42      2.80%     52.86% |          45      3.00%     55.86% |          36      2.40%     58.26% |          44      2.93%     61.19% |          51      3.40%     64.58% |          75      4.99%     69.57% |          46      3.06%     72.64% |          43      2.86%     75.50% |          48      3.20%     78.70% |          44      2.93%     81.62% |          44      2.93%     84.55% |          45      3.00%     87.55% |          44      2.93%     90.48% |          45      3.00%     93.48% |          47      3.13%     96.60% |          51      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          19     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           9     23.68%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           2      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           8     21.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         464      3.43%      3.43% |         421      3.11%      6.54% |         411      3.04%      9.58% |         412      3.05%     12.63% |         411      3.04%     15.67% |         402      2.97%     18.64% |         417      3.08%     21.73% |         416      3.08%     24.80% |         407      3.01%     27.81% |         414      3.06%     30.88% |         445      3.29%     34.17% |         438      3.24%     37.41% |         449      3.32%     40.73% |         428      3.17%     43.89% |         448      3.31%     47.20% |         438      3.24%     50.44% |         450      3.33%     53.77% |         439      3.25%     57.02% |         432      3.19%     60.21% |         410      3.03%     63.25% |         385      2.85%     66.09% |         406      3.00%     69.09% |         404      2.99%     72.08% |         398      2.94%     75.03% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         400      2.96%     87.71% |         413      3.05%     90.76% |         424      3.14%     93.90% |         423      3.13%     97.03% |         402      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13522                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           8      6.90%      6.90% |           2      1.72%      8.62% |           1      0.86%      9.48% |          12     10.34%     19.83% |           3      2.59%     22.41% |           3      2.59%     25.00% |           4      3.45%     28.45% |           3      2.59%     31.03% |           5      4.31%     35.34% |           3      2.59%     37.93% |           2      1.72%     39.66% |           2      1.72%     41.38% |           3      2.59%     43.97% |           3      2.59%     46.55% |           4      3.45%     50.00% |           3      2.59%     52.59% |          14     12.07%     64.66% |           1      0.86%     65.52% |           2      1.72%     67.24% |           8      6.90%     74.14% |           1      0.86%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      0.86%     75.86% |           2      1.72%     77.59% |           3      2.59%     80.17% |           5      4.31%     84.48% |           4      3.45%     87.93% |           5      4.31%     92.24% |           3      2.59%     94.83% |           2      1.72%     96.55% |           2      1.72%     98.28% |           2      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           8      6.30%      6.30% |           3      2.36%      8.66% |           2      1.57%     10.24% |          10      7.87%     18.11% |           3      2.36%     20.47% |           5      3.94%     24.41% |           6      4.72%     29.13% |           3      2.36%     31.50% |           5      3.94%     35.43% |           3      2.36%     37.80% |           2      1.57%     39.37% |           2      1.57%     40.94% |           4      3.15%     44.09% |           3      2.36%     46.46% |           5      3.94%     50.39% |           3      2.36%     52.76% |          14     11.02%     63.78% |           1      0.79%     64.57% |           3      2.36%     66.93% |           8      6.30%     73.23% |           1      0.79%     74.02% |           0      0.00%     74.02% |           1      0.79%     74.80% |           2      1.57%     76.38% |           4      3.15%     79.53% |           5      3.94%     83.46% |           5      3.94%     87.40% |           6      4.72%     92.13% |           3      2.36%     94.49% |           2      1.57%     96.06% |           2      1.57%     97.64% |           3      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12415      4.30%      4.30% |        8990      3.11%      7.41% |        9006      3.12%     10.53% |        8944      3.10%     13.62% |        8918      3.09%     16.71% |        8906      3.08%     19.79% |        8912      3.09%     22.88% |        8921      3.09%     25.97% |        8937      3.09%     29.06% |        8971      3.11%     32.17% |        8988      3.11%     35.28% |        8909      3.08%     38.36% |        8920      3.09%     41.45% |        8913      3.09%     44.54% |        8928      3.09%     47.63% |        8872      3.07%     50.70% |        8915      3.09%     53.78% |        8888      3.08%     56.86% |        8899      3.08%     59.94% |        8895      3.08%     63.02% |        8910      3.08%     66.10% |        8922      3.09%     69.19% |        8923      3.09%     72.28% |        8889      3.08%     75.36% |        8897      3.08%     78.44% |        8924      3.09%     81.53% |        8897      3.08%     84.61% |        8877      3.07%     87.68% |        8910      3.08%     90.77% |        8904      3.08%     93.85% |        8870      3.07%     96.92% |        8902      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         446      3.30%      3.30% |         421      3.12%      6.42% |         414      3.07%      9.49% |         404      2.99%     12.48% |         410      3.04%     15.52% |         401      2.97%     18.48% |         414      3.07%     21.55% |         417      3.09%     24.64% |         407      3.01%     27.65% |         416      3.08%     30.73% |         443      3.28%     34.01% |         438      3.24%     37.26% |         452      3.35%     40.61% |         429      3.18%     43.78% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.69% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.16% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.04% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         401      2.97%     87.64% |         415      3.07%     90.71% |         426      3.15%     93.87% |         426      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14973      3.14%      3.14% |       14883      3.12%      6.26% |       14888      3.12%      9.39% |       14889      3.12%     12.51% |       14881      3.12%     15.63% |       14889      3.12%     18.76% |       14893      3.12%     21.88% |       14885      3.12%     25.00% |       14894      3.12%     28.13% |       14897      3.13%     31.25% |       14879      3.12%     34.38% |       14901      3.13%     37.50% |       14890      3.12%     40.63% |       14892      3.12%     43.75% |       14886      3.12%     46.87% |       14881      3.12%     49.99% |       14918      3.13%     53.12% |       14894      3.12%     56.25% |       14894      3.12%     59.37% |       14899      3.13%     62.50% |       14912      3.13%     65.63% |       14919      3.13%     68.76% |       14884      3.12%     71.88% |       14896      3.13%     75.01% |       14907      3.13%     78.13% |       14898      3.13%     81.26% |       14901      3.13%     84.38% |       14892      3.12%     87.51% |       14886      3.12%     90.63% |       14882      3.12%     93.75% |       14893      3.12%     96.88% |       14880      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75929      7.22%      7.22% |       32861      3.13%     10.35% |       29490      2.81%     13.16% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29792      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.90% |       29089      2.77%     24.66% |       29697      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29991      2.85%     33.24% |       32542      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30517      2.90%     42.17% |       30305      2.88%     45.06% |       29596      2.82%     47.87% |       30194      2.87%     50.74% |       31505      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.63% |       30924      2.94%     59.57% |       31637      3.01%     62.58% |       32125      3.06%     65.64% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31242      2.97%     72.13% |       31250      2.97%     75.10% |       31254      2.97%     78.08% |       31240      2.97%     81.05% |       31171      2.97%     84.02% |       30876      2.94%     86.95% |       32693      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34140      3.25%     96.37% |       38134      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051035                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.23%      1.23% |           2      2.47%      3.70% |           1      1.23%      4.94% |           3      3.70%      8.64% |           3      3.70%     12.35% |           3      3.70%     16.05% |           4      4.94%     20.99% |           3      3.70%     24.69% |           5      6.17%     30.86% |           3      3.70%     34.57% |           2      2.47%     37.04% |           2      2.47%     39.51% |           3      3.70%     43.21% |           3      3.70%     46.91% |           4      4.94%     51.85% |           3      3.70%     55.56% |           3      3.70%     59.26% |           1      1.23%     60.49% |           2      2.47%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           1      1.23%     64.20% |           0      0.00%     64.20% |           1      1.23%     65.43% |           2      2.47%     67.90% |           3      3.70%     71.60% |           5      6.17%     77.78% |           4      4.94%     82.72% |           5      6.17%     88.89% |           3      3.70%     92.59% |           2      2.47%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          25     35.71%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |          14     20.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |          13     18.57%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |           0      0.00%     74.29% |          16     22.86%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           2      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           70                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          26     17.22%     17.22% |           2      1.32%     18.54% |           1      0.66%     19.21% |          17     11.26%     30.46% |           3      1.99%     32.45% |           3      1.99%     34.44% |           4      2.65%     37.09% |           3      1.99%     39.07% |           5      3.31%     42.38% |           3      1.99%     44.37% |           2      1.32%     45.70% |           2      1.32%     47.02% |           3      1.99%     49.01% |           3      1.99%     50.99% |           4      2.65%     53.64% |           3      1.99%     55.63% |          16     10.60%     66.23% |           1      0.66%     66.89% |           2      1.32%     68.21% |          16     10.60%     78.81% |           1      0.66%     79.47% |           0      0.00%     79.47% |           1      0.66%     80.13% |           2      1.32%     81.46% |           3      1.99%     83.44% |           5      3.31%     86.75% |           4      2.65%     89.40% |           7      4.64%     94.04% |           3      1.99%     96.03% |           2      1.32%     97.35% |           2      1.32%     98.68% |           2      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          151                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       54915     16.71%     16.71% |      164296     50.00%     66.71% |       13555      4.13%     70.84% |       14524      4.42%     75.26% |       13456      4.10%     79.35% |       14403      4.38%     83.74% |       13557      4.13%     87.86% |       14679      4.47%     92.33% |       12278      3.74%     96.07% |       12929      3.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       328592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       54915     16.71%     16.71% |      164296     50.00%     66.71% |       13555      4.13%     70.84% |       14524      4.42%     75.26% |       13456      4.10%     79.35% |       14403      4.38%     83.74% |       13557      4.13%     87.86% |       14679      4.47%     92.33% |       12278      3.74%     96.07% |       12929      3.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       328592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       54915     16.71%     16.71% |      164296     50.00%     66.71% |       13555      4.13%     70.84% |       14524      4.42%     75.26% |       13456      4.10%     79.35% |       14403      4.38%     83.74% |       13557      4.13%     87.86% |       14679      4.47%     92.33% |       12278      3.74%     96.07% |       12929      3.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       328592                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       54915     16.71%     16.71% |      164296     50.00%     66.71% |       13555      4.13%     70.84% |       14524      4.42%     75.26% |       13456      4.10%     79.35% |       14403      4.38%     83.74% |       13557      4.13%     87.86% |       14679      4.47%     92.33% |       12278      3.74%     96.07% |       12929      3.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       328592                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
